oops , she 's really done it this time .
wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .
think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
hey arnold !
wow .
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
renner ?
an ambitious ` what if ? '
nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .
it 's better than the phantom menace .
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
` what 's the russian word for wow ! ? '
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
brimful .
an original gem about an obsession with time .
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ?
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .
oozes condescension from every pore .
intriguing and downright intoxicating .
the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
bourne , jason bourne .
an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad .
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
it 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .
... a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet .
makes s & m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight .
an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
... a great , participatory spectator sport . '
it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you ca n't go home again .
( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
good film , but very glum .
malcolm mcdowell is cool .
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
this is an hour and a half of daydreaming .
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules .
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .
will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .
the performances take the movie to a higher level .
it all adds up to good fun .
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
see it for his performance if nothing else .
and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative .
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
the trailer is a riot .
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .
`` juwanna mann ? ``
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
uneven but a lot of fun .
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance ...
generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it 's not without style .
yes , it 's as good as you remember .
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
but here 's a glimpse at his life .
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
that is a compliment to kuras and miller .
steve irwin 's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters .
simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .
windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
a three-hour cinema master class .
it tells more than it shows .
deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .
most new movies have a bright sheen .
vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .
writer\/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america .
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
there 's plenty to impress about e.t .
longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .
a very charming and funny movie .
and that makes all the difference .
a brutal and funny work .
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ``
`` home movie `` is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else .
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox 's work .
... `` bowling for columbine `` remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ...
if you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ``
`` antwone fisher `` is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington .
this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .
if you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer .
maryam is more timely now than ever .
there 's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
this is a very funny , heartwarming film .
i 'll go out on a limb .
you live the mood rather than savour the story .
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .
scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both look and sound great .
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
almost .
hard , endearing , caring , warm .
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
what would jesus do if he was a film director ?
in an art film !
the biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
a true pleasure .
cool ?
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
does paint some memorable images ... , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
intelligent and moving .
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
and in this regard , on guard delivers .
quite funny for the type of movie it is ...
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .
tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
overall very good for what it 's trying to do .
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney 's a good director .
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom .
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare .
a stirring road movie .
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
a tender , heartfelt family drama .
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
morton deserves an oscar nomination .
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .
adam sandler !
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
but they fascinate in their recklessness .
a marvel like none you 've seen .
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better .
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
for the most part , the ingredients are there .
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .
heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
cusack 's just brilliant in this .
a deep and meaningful film .
it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated .
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
be patient with the lovely hush !
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession .
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .
there 's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american .
it is amusing , and that 's all it needs to be .
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
extraordinary debut from josh koury .
even better than the first one !
light , cute and forgettable .
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .
sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film .
please .
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
an awfully good , achingly human picture .
puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .
it never fails to engage us .
a pleasant romantic comedy .
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery .
chances are you wo n't , either .
the fast runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space
`` on guard ! ``
( a ) strong piece of work .
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
very predictable but still entertaining
eventually , it wins you over .
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
more precious than perspicacious
that works .
marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film .
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music .
smart and taut .
simone is not a bad film .
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
the new guy does have a heart .
full of surprises .
a mess , but it 's a sincere mess .
a small movie with a big heart .
it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .
this is art paying homage to art .
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .
mr. wedge and mr. saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well .
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
you will likely prefer to keep on watching .
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
exhilarating , funny and fun .
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood .
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
a painfully funny ode to bad behavior .
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you 'll read anywhere .
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous .
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable .
ah , what the hell .
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
what is the filmmakers ' point ?
we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch .
freundlich 's made ( crudup ) a suburban architect , and a cipher .
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
they should have found orson welles ' great-grandson .
a perceptive , good-natured movie .
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
simply put , `` far from heaven `` is a masterpiece .
like mike is n't interested in recycling old cliches .
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
the tenderness of the piece is still intact .
please see previous answer .
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
it 's funny .
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
fantastic !
this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson .
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .
fortunately , you still have that option .
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .
i simply ca n't recommend it enough .
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .
, `` they 're out there ! ``
slight but enjoyable documentary .
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
bang !
a solidly seaworthy chiller .
like leon , it 's frustrating and still oddly likable .
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
( a ) superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene 's 1955 novel .
a very capable nailbiter .
an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it .
but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
i loved it !
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
long time dead ?
a moody horror\/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
hilariously inept and ridiculous .
one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
it is a movie about passion .
go .
a lot smarter than your average bond .
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
it 's that good .
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
jacquot 's tosca is a treat .
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer .
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
the film has several strong performances .
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
sly , sophisticated and surprising .
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
now he makes them .
brought to life on the big screen .
a riveting story well told .
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .
nice piece of work .
as it turns out , you can go home again .
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .
sweet and memorable film .
pipe dream does have its charms .
visually striking and viscerally repellent .
falls short in explaining the music and its roots .
a workshop mentality prevails .
old-form moviemaking at its best .
i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
a beautiful paean to a time long past .
oh , and booty call .
the result is something quite fresh and delightful .
it deserves to be seen everywhere .
... routine , harmless diversion and little else .
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
a smart , compelling drama .
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson 's dahmer .
it 's a charming and often affecting journey .
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
the actors are fantastic .
`` secretary `` is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal .
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
moving and vibrant .
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
overall , it 's a pretty mediocre family film .
bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
a slick , skillful little horror film .
even the digressions are funny .
ken russell would love this .
it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
an impeccable study in perversity .
it 's also , clearly , great fun .
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
a slight but sweet film .
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
if you do n't flee , you might be seduced .
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb .
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
energetic and boldly provocative .
what time is it there ?
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy .
this is not a retread of `` dead poets ' society . ``
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
oh , and more entertaining , too .
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .
witty , touching and well paced .
you 'll end up moved .
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
` snow dogs ' has both .
... an interesting slice of history .
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effective .
demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .
mild , meandering teen flick .
it 's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness .
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
adaptation is simply brilliant .
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life .
it 's not without its pleasures , but i 'll stick with the tune .
at all .
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
ninety minutes of viva castro !
oddly compelling .
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
if you love him , you 'll like it .
charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie .
reassuring , retro uplifter .
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
it 's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .
( barry ) gives assassin a disquieting authority .
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
genuinely touching because it 's realistic about all kinds of love .
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .
vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .
his work with actors is particularly impressive .
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia .
one funny popcorn flick .
there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
it 's unnerving to see recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment .
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
an imaginative comedy\/thriller .
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento ``
or both .
who knew ...
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it .
`` red dragon `` never cuts corners .
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .
my thoughts were focused on the characters .
fun and nimble .
the art demands live viewing .
this is one of the year 's best films .
a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .
ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
what i saw , i enjoyed .
nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
- i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .
it may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ?
a tremendous piece of work .
something the true film buff will enjoy .
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .
did the film inform and educate me ?
less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .
i could n't recommend this film more .
so-so entertainment .
so could young romantics out on a date .
a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney .
`` red dragon `` is entertaining .
candid camera on methamphetamines .
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .
... very funny , very enjoyable ...
jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
oh , james !
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
a romance ?
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
( allen ) manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good .
especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .
wins my vote for ` the 2002 enemy of cinema ' award .
initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life .
there 's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl .
you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .
i 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .
the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare .
the gags are often a stitch .
an unflinching look at the world 's dispossessed .
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .
but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) .
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .
a work of astonishing delicacy and force .
spare yet audacious ...
consider it ` perfection . '
films are made of little moments .
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .
the new guy is one of them .
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
it does give you a peek .
a film of quiet power .
igby goes down is one of those movies .
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
somewhat blurred , but kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .
it 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .
here , thankfully , they are .
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
people cinema at its finest .
worse than ` silence of the lambs ' better than ` hannibal '
who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
who needs love like this ?
it represents better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience .
michael gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .
you 'll probably love it .
the best part about `` gangs `` was daniel day-lewis .
a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .
an amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction .
a genuine mind-bender .
weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .
sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
poetic , heartbreaking .
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
melanie eventually slugs the yankee .
( serry ) wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
i 'm guessing the director is a magician .
a witty , whimsical feature debut .
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
this is really just another genre picture .
some actors steal scenes .
a drama ?
noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama .
a small movie with a big impact .
visually captivating .
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .
an impressive hybrid .
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
paul bettany playing malcolm mcdowell ?
the ring never lets you off the hook .
warm and exotic .
lovely and poignant .
effective but too-tepid biopic
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
it 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
excellent acting and direction .
perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter .
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing .
... blade ii is more enjoyable than the original .
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying .
twist open the ouzo !
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .
ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center .
( it ) has the feel of a summer popcorn movie .
a clever blend of fact and fiction .
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good .
a tour de force of modern cinema .
the beauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the details .
trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .
it 's mostly a pleasure to watch .
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better .
surprisingly insightful
impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
it is now .
poetry in motion captured on film .
a compelling film .
boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
this movie got me grinning .
as happily glib and vicious as its characters .
parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .
good , solid storytelling .
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor .
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
frailty is n't as gory or explicit .
it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
funny and touching .
buy popcorn .
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
or intelligent .
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities .
i just loved every minute of this film .
would i see it again ?
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
you have to see it .
competently directed but terminally cute drama .
but when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .
refreshing .
a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
an exhilarating serving of movie fluff .
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable .
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
for free .
poignant and delicately complex .
a manically generous christmas vaudeville .
and `` they 're coming ! ``
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
and that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .
the acting alone is worth the price of admission .
a fascinating and fun film .
i will be .
courtney chases stuart with a cell phone .
though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking .
frank capra played this story straight .
it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !
but fans of the show should not consider this a diss .
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
the camera twirls !
ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !
slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .
but you 'll definitely want the t-shirt .
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .
it must be in the genes .
familiar but utterly delightful .
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .
if you love motown music , you 'll love this documentary .
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
`` the best disney movie since the lion king ``
cool .
`` it 's all about the image . ``
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .
warmed-over hash .
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
a lovely film for the holiday season .
strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing .
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
his scenes are short and often unexpected .
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
flawed but worthy look at life in u.s. relocation camps .
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .
foster and whitaker are especially fine .
there are moments of hilarity to be had .
all three women deliver remarkable performances .
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible .
resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
this story still seems timely and important .
sometimes shorter is better .
while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .
charlotte sometimes is a gem .
despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop
contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
big time .
hayek is stunning as frida and ... a star-making project .
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .
`` birthday girl `` is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
works as pretty contagious fun .
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .
it 's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone 's head
the performances are remarkable .
let 's hope -- shall we ?
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
hey arnold !
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
she may not be real , but the laughs are .
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
it 's not hateful .
the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman .
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .
maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .
it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
the hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
boy oh boy , it 's a howler .
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .
psychologically revealing .
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
enticing and often funny documentary .
the entire cast is extraordinarily good .
sparse but oddly compelling .
the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring .
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
prepare to marvel again .
gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .
... an inviting piece of film .
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .
these are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .
engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying .
you 'll get the enjoyable basic minimum .
are monsters born , or made ?
a mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser .
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
jones ... does offer a brutal form of charisma .
genuinely unnerving .
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
it is nature against progress .
i believe the message is in the messenger : the agent is a woman .
yep , it 's `` waking up in reno . ``
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing .
remarkably accessible and affecting .
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .
it 's never dull and always looks good .
one of the best rock documentaries ever .
audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
into scrooge .
a loving little film of considerable appeal .
polished , well-structured film .
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
an `` o bruin , where art thou ? ``
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre .
hopkins .
and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters .
a winning and wildly fascinating work .
choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny !
and vin diesel is the man .
it 's always enthralling .
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
while hoffman 's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .
i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .
much monkeyfun for all .
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
a good piece of work more often than not .
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
i have n't laughed that hard in years !
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino .
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
a well-put-together piece of urban satire .
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
bring on the sequel .
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way .
the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years .
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
entertains by providing good , lively company .
it can be safely recommended as a video\/dvd babysitter .
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise \*\*\* .
and i 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .
can you bear the laughter ?
true hollywood story .
exciting and well-paced .
the best film of the year 2002 .
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
strange it is , but delightfully so .
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic ...
funny but perilously slight .
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
skip work to see it at the first opportunity .
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .
as a film director , labute continues to improve .
exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise .
i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .
thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .
yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !
at its worst , it 's rambo - meets-john ford .
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
a melancholy , emotional film .
an uplifting , largely bogus story .
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .
half past dead is just such an achievement .
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .
the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
worth a look as a curiosity .
we 're drawn in by the dark luster .
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .
it 's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart .
its sheer dynamism is infectious .
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .
ms. fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn .
there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x .
a fun ride .
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful do the right thing .
one of the funnier movies in town .
falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun .
i liked this film a lot ...
the film is full of charm .
the concept is a hoot .
this is a movie you can trust .
it is a likable story , told with competence .
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
an ambitious and moving but bleak film .
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
the movie is well crafted , and well executed .
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
oh , it 's extreme , all right .
but it still jingles in the pocket .
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .
is it something any true film addict will want to check out ?
see it .
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic .
it 's exactly what you 'd expect .
a film that will enthrall the whole family .
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
sturdy , entertaining period drama ... both caine and fraser have their moments .
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .
delight your senses and crash this wedding !
surprisingly powerful and universal .
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
the film 's essentially over by the meet-cute .
what results is the best performance from either in years .
i liked it just enough .
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
a film with a great premise but only a great premise .
a good thriller .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .
vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
bring tissues .
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy .
this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes .
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
i like this movie a lot .
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
manages to delight without much of a story .
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
intimate and panoramic .
harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories .
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
... always remains movingly genuine .
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
but on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .
the 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .
i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation .
you 'll know a star when you see one .
compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
sorvino is delightful in the central role .
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
ah yes , and then there 's the music ...
is truth stranger than fiction ?
bravado kathy !
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .
darkly funny and frequently insightful .
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make .
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
it 's a count for our times .
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
every child 's story is what matters .
it 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but i liked it .
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick .
two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
it 's a scorcher .
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
exciting documentary .
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
`` punch-drunk love `` is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...
the filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...
a worthy entry into a very difficult genre .
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
hard to resist .
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! )
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
pretty good little movie .
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
with freeman and judd , i 'll at least remember their characters .
one from the heart .
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
dramas like this make it human .
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
escapism in its purest form .
it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations ...
has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both .
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .
what might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity .
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
more honest about alzheimer 's disease , i think , than iris .
( a ) rare , beautiful film .
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .
the voices are fine as well .
or a profit .
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing .
leigh makes these lives count .
( a ) devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .
`` not really as bad as you might think ! ``
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills .
a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .
brilliant ! '
a marvel of production design .
you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot ...
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss .
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances .
holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man !
the cast comes through even when the movie does n't .
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .
this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
merchant effectively translates naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
i love the robust middle of this picture .
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .
a weird and wonderful comedy .
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
chao was chen kaige 's assistant for years in china .
gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .
no question .
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
`` extreme ops `` exceeds expectations .
... a light , yet engrossing piece .
its director 's most substantial feature for some time .
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
it 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
a very pretty after-school special .
an absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .
just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .
he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland .
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .
will you go ape over this movie ?
is it a total success ?
girls gone wild and gone civil again
one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .
an uplifting drama ... what antwone fisher is n't , however , is original .
the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
this scarlet 's letter is a. . .
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very imaxy .
you just know something terrible is going to happen .
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick .
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie .
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
diane lane shines in unfaithful .
it 's stylishly directed with verve ...
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
a smart little indie .
the film truly does rescue ( the funk brothers ) from motown 's shadows .
it is also beautifully acted .
it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .
b picture , and i mean that as a compliment .
you can thank me for this .
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
( a ) smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
what 's next ?
meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .
an engaging overview of johnson 's eccentric career .
gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff .
( an ) absorbing documentary .
tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan 's backyard .
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone .
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
eric byler 's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .
it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
a smart , witty follow-up .
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
i like frank the pug , though .
brave and sweetly rendered love story .
just bring on the battle bots , please !
this is one for the ages .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
deliciously slow .
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer .
gently humorous and touching .
consider this review life-affirming .
it 's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
never once predictable .
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
the results , if not memorable , are at least interesting .
but some unexpected zigs and zags help .
photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .
you bet .
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
... a roller-coaster ride of a movie
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
alternately frustrating and rewarding .
it 's a very valuable film ...
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
an enjoyable experience .
mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...
a remarkable film by bernard rose .
`` roger michell ( `` notting hill `` ) directs a morality thriller . ``
earnest but heavy-handed .
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
it 's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .
a small gem from belgium .
oh , look at that clever angle !
this one does .
it is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
ferrara 's best film in years .
the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
we have n't seen such hilarity since say it is n't so !
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
a movie with a real anarchic flair .
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc .
by turns very dark and very funny .
is one of this year 's very best pictures .
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
this movie is a snow emergency .
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
an extraordinary dramatic experience .
displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
the heat of the moment prevails .
what kids will discover is a new collectible .
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .
well-made but mush-hearted .
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .
insightfully written , delicately performed
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
i like it .
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
it 's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie .
yes , you are , ben kingsley .
a sense of real magic , perhaps .
good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) .
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
a charmer from belgium .
an original little film about one young woman 's education .
what 's left is a rich stew of longing .
but i do .
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
hardly a film that comes along every day .
if the movie were all comedy , it might work better .
the next generation of mob movie .
the result might look like vulgar .
some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing .
what happens to john q ?
good actress .
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .
the same should go for movie theaters .
search it out .
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
family fare .
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
there is greatness here .
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .
a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .
... manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal .
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time .
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .
merci pour le movie .
in a word -- yes .
duvall is strong as always .
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...
one of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
but this is lohman 's film .
a wordy wisp of a comedy .
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
i admired this work a lot .
this new time machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable .
just how extreme are these ops ?
it 's about time .
only at the prospect of beck 's next project .
... generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .
something for everyone .
kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
melodrama with a message .
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .
worth the effort to watch .
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi .
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship .
consistently clever and suspenseful .
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
the film is powerful , accessible and funny .
i saw juwanna mann so you do n't have to .
a well-executed spy-thriller .
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing .
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .
a woman 's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .
intriguing and stylish .
as a vehicle to savour binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
an asian neo-realist treasure .
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
hip-hop has a history , and it 's a metaphor for this love story .
goofy , nutty , consistently funny .
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
maguire is a surprisingly effective peter\/spider-man .
make no mistake , ivans xtc .
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 .
it 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
a comic gem with some serious sparkles .
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans .
highly engaging .
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .
yes .
hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
one regards reign of fire with awe .
if only there were one for this kind of movie .
that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
this is simply the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary !
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
a well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
it 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
especially give credit to affleck .
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
has its share of arresting images .
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
this is an interesting movie ! ``
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .
chomp chomp !
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment .
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
harmless fun .
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
it 's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary ...
amazingly dopey .
mildly amusing .
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd .
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .
( kirshner wins , but it 's close . )
a model of what films like this should be like .
often hilarious .
the film is one of the year 's best .
classic cinema served up with heart and humor
if you do n't laugh , flee .
it 's fun lite .
very well-written and very well-acted .
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .
thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout .
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
it 's sort of in-between , and it works .
likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer .
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding .
a hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic french nuance .
beautifully produced .
a lovably old-school hollywood confection .
it 's like a poem .
bluto blutarsky , we miss you .
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .
everything that 's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television .
i loved looking at this movie .
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman `` wanted to be .
very well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
one of the best of the year .
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
a portrait of an artist .
all in all , a great party .
formuliac , but fun .
it 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
there are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
kinnear gives a tremendous performance .
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again .
hey , happy !
they were right .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
a modest masterpiece .
witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
it 's a masterpiece .
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
it is definitely worth seeing .
a charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
good movie .
nothing is black and white .
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .
anthony hopkins ?
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .
as unseemly as its title suggests .
promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .
a blessed gift to film geeks and historians .
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
i ca n't .
better to just call it abc kiarostami .
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
sexy and romantic .
it 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides .
tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !
only for young children , if them .
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .
a classy , sprightly spin on film .
a masterpiece four years in the making .
and if the hours wins ` best picture ' i just might .
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
there 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america 's culture of fear .
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
than ` magnifique ' .
the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
... a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war .
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .
under 15 ?
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno .
a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .
what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
renner 's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .
the production values are up there .
a warm , funny , engaging film .
a beautifully observed character piece .
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
the next big thing 's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut .
really quite funny .
woody allen has really found his groove these days .
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
and educational !
a slick , engrossing melodrama .
spiderman rocks
not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .
it 's not too fast and not too slow .
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .
who are ` they ' ?
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
compellingly watchable .
my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
so i just did .
insanely hilarious !
noyce 's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .
this is pure , exciting moviemaking .
even more baffling is that it 's funny .
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
these people are really going to love the piano teacher .
it is quite a vision .
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
uplifting , funny and wise .
but it is entertaining on an inferior level .
a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .
too clever by about nine-tenths .
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
both the crime story and the love story are unusual .
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
a wildly funny prison caper .
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .
morvern rocks .
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .
offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude .
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .
lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand .
a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view .
not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
secretary is not a movie about fetishism .
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
feels untidily honest .
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
( woo 's ) most resonant film since the killer .
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .
this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998 's whatever .
really dumb but occasionally really funny .
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs .
certainly .
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
about schmidt belongs to nicholson .
this disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget .
that is because - damn it !
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
highly watchable stuff .
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
a thought-provoking picture .
reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .
both lead performances are oscar-size .
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .
except it 's much , much better .
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
is n't it great ?
at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
a stylish thriller .
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
just like igby .
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
the movie is brilliant , really .
it has fun being grown up .
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ?
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
a wry , affectionate delight .
... in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema .
this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash .
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance .
... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .
recalls quiet freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion .
rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .
an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film ...
a dreary indulgence .
that 's fun for kids of any age .
if borstal boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
merry friggin ' christmas !
the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks .
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .
a moving and important film .
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .
( a ) satisfying niblet .
tailored to entertain !
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !
he has a great cast and a great idea .
a subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller .
deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .
amazing !
just how these families interact may surprise you .
one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary .
has its charming quirks and its dull spots .
i have two words to say about reign of fire .
` easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .
the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .
director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
it 's still worth a look .
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
a creaky staircase gothic .
offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could 've been an impacting film .
zoom !
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
never ( sinks ) into exploitation .
auto focus is not your standard hollywood bio-pic .
this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .
schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '
it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
morton is , as usual , brilliant .
there is no denying the power of polanski 's film ...
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .
it 's all a rather shapeless good time ...
well before it 's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels .
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
a little better than sorcerer 's stone .
it bites hard .
i loved the look of this film .
sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .
it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .
a captivating new film .
a vivid cinematic portrait .
it 's definitely a step in the right direction .
this film is full of rabbits .
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
a solid film ... but more conscientious than it is truly stirring .
despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book .
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .
in fact , even better .
that 's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps .
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
a captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners .
this is a children 's film in the truest sense .
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
silly , loud and goofy .
same guy with both hats .
a glorious mess .
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
noyce has worked wonders with the material .
quietly engaging .
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
there is truth here
message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ?
what `` empire `` lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .
ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .
what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
the script is smart , not cloying .
