gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ?
has its share of arresting images .
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .
extremely boring .
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man !
the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
really dumb but occasionally really funny .
classic cinema served up with heart and humor
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
zoom !
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
it does n't work as either .
one of the worst movies of the year .
the results , if not memorable , are at least interesting .
feels familiar and tired .
too bad .
what `` empire `` lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
frenetic but not really funny .
i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
the new guy does have a heart .
the film is strictly routine .
mildly entertaining .
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .
and that is where ararat went astray .
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
even the digressions are funny .
yes , dull .
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
a mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser .
the gantzes ' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook .
an extraordinary dramatic experience .
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
enduring love but exhausting cinema .
the 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .
meandering and confusing .
an `` o bruin , where art thou ? ``
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
the movie is a desperate miscalculation .
it 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .
what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
as a vehicle to savour binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
a slight but sweet film .
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
its sheer dynamism is infectious .
it 's another retelling of alexandre dumas ' classic .
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .
alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .
exciting and well-paced .
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
a moving and important film .
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre .
yes .
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
just bring on the battle bots , please !
a subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller .
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
funny and touching .
big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .
a marvel of production design .
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .
visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .
otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
the best film of the year 2002 .
at all .
that works .
now he makes them .
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '
surprisingly insightful
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
visually striking and viscerally repellent .
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
this is art paying homage to art .
amazingly dopey .
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .
thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking .
it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
`` punch-drunk love `` is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...
we get the comedy we settle for .
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
merchant effectively translates naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
woefully pretentious .
barely gets off the ground .
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer .
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .
oh , look at that clever angle !
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd .
i loved the look of this film .
almost peerlessly unsettling .
i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .
diane lane shines in unfaithful .
will you go ape over this movie ?
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .
... stale and uninspired .
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
kinnear gives a tremendous performance .
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
a beautifully observed character piece .
delight your senses and crash this wedding !
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
`` it 's all about the image . ``
enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .
deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .
a thought-provoking picture .
but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
frankly , it 's pretty stupid .
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit .
this is one for the ages .
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
time out is as serious as a pink slip .
ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !
majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
it 's about time .
at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
this disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget .
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
melanie eventually slugs the yankee .
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
... the movie is just a plain old monster .
a moody horror\/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop
but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? )
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .
i had to look away - this was god awful .
but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
a long-winded , predictable scenario .
ill-considered , unholy hokum .
`` antwone fisher `` is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington .
the real question this movie poses is not ` who ? '
below is well below expectations .
igby goes down is one of those movies .
solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
execrable .
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 .
what would jesus do if he was a film director ?
i hated every minute of it .
no . .
it 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .
choppy , overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . '
noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama .
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...
not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .
yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
does n't add up to much .
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view .
wishy-washy .
it 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .
whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .
the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
does paint some memorable images ... , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .
beautifully produced .
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
a film that will enthrall the whole family .
um , no . .
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it .
it 's all a rather shapeless good time ...
is this progress ?
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
be patient with the lovely hush !
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .
most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .
extraordinary debut from josh koury .
fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox 's work .
an ambitious ` what if ? '
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .
david spade as citizen kane ?
more honest about alzheimer 's disease , i think , than iris .
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
it took 19 predecessors to get this ?
cynics need not apply . '
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring .
brought to life on the big screen .
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .
blue crush is as predictable as the tides .
anthony hopkins ?
i 'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
the film has several strong performances .
low rent from frame one .
pompous and garbled .
it 's laughing at us .
it 's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
it 's that painful .
too silly to take seriously .
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .
it 's just plain boring .
like a poor man 's you can count on me
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .
it 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . ``
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch .
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
( it ) has the feel of a summer popcorn movie .
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .
but it is entertaining on an inferior level .
there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .
exhilarating , funny and fun .
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
sexy and romantic .
no , it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
never once predictable .
somewhat blurred , but kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
too bad the former murphy brown does n't pop reese back .
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '
sad nonsense , this .
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
there 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
`` red dragon `` never cuts corners .
as unseemly as its title suggests .
especially give credit to affleck .
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
it 's haunting .
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
it 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
that is because - damn it !
it 's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
a vivid cinematic portrait .
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful do the right thing .
who knew ...
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
over and over again .
some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .
plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !
it 's a count for our times .
a captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners .
credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .
any rock pile will do for a set .
press the delete key .
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change .
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
in a word -- yes .
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable .
when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ?
after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin .
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
chao was chen kaige 's assistant for years in china .
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time .
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
and diesel is n't the actor to save it .
a modest masterpiece .
binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
this is so bad .
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
brimful .
is office work really as alienating as ` bartleby ' so effectively makes it ?
a sudsy cautionary tale .
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
compellingly watchable .
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .
buy popcorn .
light , cute and forgettable .
ah yes , and then there 's the music ...
but it does n't leave you with much .
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson .
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title .
has its charming quirks and its dull spots .
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .
every child 's story is what matters .
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
pipe dream does have its charms .
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions .
the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it .
lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .
what 's left is a rich stew of longing .
... generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .
stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
... a light , yet engrossing piece .
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
sure , i hated myself in the morning .
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .
the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
frailty is n't as gory or explicit .
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
a ragbag of cliches .
this story still seems timely and important .
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
what might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity .
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention
better to just call it abc kiarostami .
it 's like a poem .
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
you 'll know a star when you see one .
a witty , whimsical feature debut .
what i saw , i enjoyed .
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
it would have benefitted the dialogue .
a lifetime movie about men .
the camera twirls !
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise .
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .
a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick .
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
a turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull .
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare .
... nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .
this film is full of rabbits .
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .
wait for it to hit cable .
if you love him , you 'll like it .
bad company .
the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters .
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
noyce has worked wonders with the material .
or a profit .
a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
with freeman and judd , i 'll at least remember their characters .
besides , real movie producers are n't this nice .
maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
even more baffling is that it 's funny .
likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer .
foster and whitaker are especially fine .
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
an original gem about an obsession with time .
i have n't laughed that hard in years !
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .
or some damn thing .
can you bear the laughter ?
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
you could hate it for the same reason .
reassuring , retro uplifter .
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
it 's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt .
this franchise has not spawned a single good film .
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
alternately frustrating and rewarding .
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
cusack 's just brilliant in this .
feeble comedy .
and educational !
ecks this one off your must-see list .
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .
even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules .
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance .
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
if you do n't flee , you might be seduced .
the date movie that franz kafka would have made .
an original little film about one young woman 's education .
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .
a workshop mentality prevails .
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
they were right .
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
there 's no good answer to that one .
ararat feels like a book report
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
a lovely film for the holiday season .
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
moot point .
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .
intimate and panoramic .
offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude .
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
( a ) mess .
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .
b picture , and i mean that as a compliment .
more maudlin than sharp .
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy .
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
that is a compliment to kuras and miller .
harmless fun .
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
less than fresh .
get out your pooper-scoopers .
you just know something terrible is going to happen .
there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
overall very good for what it 's trying to do .
a drama ?
at once half-baked and overheated .
morvern rocks .
it 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides .
silly , loud and goofy .
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
throw smoochy from the train !
this u-boat does n't have a captain .
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .
it is also beautifully acted .
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
staggeringly dreadful romance .
weird .
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia .
the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
i saw juwanna mann so you do n't have to .
plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread .
creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better .
a worthy entry into a very difficult genre .
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
a porn film without the sex scenes .
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else .
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
makes s & m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight .
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
it hates its characters .
veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda .
the material and the production itself are little more than routine .
paul bettany playing malcolm mcdowell ?
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial .
a film that loses sight of its own story .
worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .
alas , another breathless movie about same !
nothing but an episode of smackdown !
this movie is a snow emergency .
peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
terrible .
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
i loved it !
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .
if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
it 's a scorcher .
plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
the central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
... in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
hip-hop has a history , and it 's a metaphor for this love story .
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .
no question .
like these russo guys lookin ' for their mamet instead found their sturges .
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
a film with a great premise but only a great premise .
but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?
... a roller-coaster ride of a movie
( a ) crushing disappointment .
this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes .
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno .
beware the quirky brit-com .
not nearly long enough .
a mild , reluctant , thumbs down .
smart and taut .
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .
... salaciously simplistic .
brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
eric byler 's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...
one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary .
it 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .
the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .
see it .
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
an amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction .
everything is off .
when the heroes were actually under 40 ?
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .
a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
a feeble tootsie knockoff .
a film that suffers because of its many excesses .
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
the result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring .
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
predictably melodramatic .
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .
it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance .
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ...
it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
the fast runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space
strictly middle of the road .
a tremendous piece of work .
it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
simone is not a bad film .
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad .
there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin
mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
it 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way .
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .
it would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00 .
( allen ) manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
it 's everything you do n't go to the movies for .
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
... very funny , very enjoyable ...
it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .
the film 's most improbable feat ?
a classy , sprightly spin on film .
the acting alone is worth the price of admission .
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing .
an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .
the filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
one of ( herzog 's ) least inspired works .
`` not really as bad as you might think ! ``
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
what is the filmmakers ' point ?
do n't let your festive spirit go this far .
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down .
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
the picture does n't know it 's a comedy .
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
naipaul fans may be disappointed .
he may have meant the internet short saving ryan 's privates .
but not a whit more .
a creaky staircase gothic .
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
a woman 's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .
engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying .
nothing too deep or substantial .
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .
lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
oh , and booty call .
hopkins .
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
funny but perilously slight .
in the wrong hands , i.e . peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
gere gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .
an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent .
part low rent godfather .
somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional .
marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film .
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .
but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .
darkly funny and frequently insightful .
for dance completists only .
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
... a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet .
it 's not hateful .
it is now .
i 'll go out on a limb .
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
made by jackasses for jackasses .
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap .
an ugly , revolting movie .
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
good actress .
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
a charmer from belgium .
do n't waste your money .
it 's also , clearly , great fun .
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
... an interesting slice of history .
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .
windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
good film , but very glum .
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
entertainment more disposable than hanna-barbera 's half-hour cartoons ever were .
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
michael gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
the film is one of the year 's best .
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way .
it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
the filmmakers might want to look it up .
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone .
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine .
there 's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american .
almost everything else is wan .
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .
hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .
barely .
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .
parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
if you do n't laugh , flee .
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
smothered by its own solemnity .
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
is it something any true film addict will want to check out ?
it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary .
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
you can thank me for this .
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
norton holds the film together .
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
what 's next : `` my mother the car ? ``
adaptation is simply brilliant .
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
-- was a fad that had long since vanished .
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
the ending is a cop-out .
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
seems like someone going through the motions .
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit .
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
recalls quiet freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion .
you have no affinity for most of the characters .
i tried to read the time on my watch .
bravado kathy !
and neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
... a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war .
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated .
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
it 's all pretty tame .
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento ``
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
it 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
it 's one long bore .
we just do n't really care too much about this love story .
highly engaging .
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .
some movies blend together as they become distant memories .
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) .
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ``
you 'll get the enjoyable basic minimum .
while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .
haneke keeps us at arm 's length .
there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
adam sandler !
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .
it does give you a peek .
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
but then again , i hate myself most mornings .
but here 's the real damn : it is n't funny , either .
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor .
an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .
you 're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .
a fascinating and fun film .
every joke is repeated at least four times .
it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .
shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption .
a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .
a clever blend of fact and fiction .
overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek 's novel by some way .
very predictable but still entertaining
it 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .
it 's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man .
nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations ...
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
... they missed the boat .
choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny !
even die-hard fans of japanese animation ... will find this one a challenge .
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .
what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical .
enticing and often funny documentary .
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
it 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
the screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture .
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative .
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .
both lead performances are oscar-size .
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
a lame comedy .
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable .
longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .
we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .
if you 're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .
a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .
do n't even bother to rent this on video .
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .
falls short in explaining the music and its roots .
slap me , i saw this movie .
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
the film is full of charm .
includes too much obvious padding .
it 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
... `` bowling for columbine `` remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ?
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
a riveting story well told .
stale , futile scenario .
tom green just gives them a bad odor .
a sentimental mess that never rings true .
... a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture .
chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer .
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) .
you see robin williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .
expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .
my thoughts were focused on the characters .
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
the script ?
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
chomp chomp !
some of it is clever , but it is never melodic \/
a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .
a tender , heartfelt family drama .
the pool drowned me in boredom .
there 's plenty to impress about e.t .
the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
an extremely unpleasant film .
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
mildly amusing .
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .
jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .
if the movie were all comedy , it might work better .
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
it 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
far away .
this is just lazy writing .
she may not be real , but the laughs are .
a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .
bring on the sequel .
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .
what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
no movement , no yuks , not much of anything .
... pray does n't have a passion for the material .
i did n't smile .
alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
nevertheless , it still seems endless .
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you ca n't go home again .
worthy of the gong .
painfully padded .
sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .
a very average science fiction film .
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .
simply put , `` far from heaven `` is a masterpiece .
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
punish the vehicle to adore the star .
if only merchant paid more attention the story .
he 's not good with people .
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy 's intrepid hero ?
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable .
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
maryam is more timely now than ever .
the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
... too sappy for its own good .
exciting documentary .
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .
the porky 's revenge : ultimate edition ?
a loving little film of considerable appeal .
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
intelligent and moving .
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ``
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
good movie .
a small movie with a big heart .
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun .
i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .
claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that 's okay .
charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie .
the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
deliciously slow .
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
it 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
an uplifting , largely bogus story .
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough .
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
no surprises .
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
just one problem : fish out of water usually die .
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .
the script is smart , not cloying .
let 's hope -- shall we ?
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of ( besson 's ) earlier work .
yes , it 's as good as you remember .
full of surprises .
there 's no energy .
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .
it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel ...
but on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .
a movie with a real anarchic flair .
this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .
... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .
a painfully funny ode to bad behavior .
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .
it 's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .
a pleasant romantic comedy .
sweet and memorable film .
one of the funnier movies in town .
this is an hour and a half of daydreaming .
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
exactly what you 'd expect from a guy named kaos .
a melancholy , emotional film .
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise \*\*\* .
is one of this year 's very best pictures .
this is no `` waterboy ! ``
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ?
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .
hilariously inept and ridiculous .
spare yet audacious ...
a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie .
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
a stirring road movie .
feels untidily honest .
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! )
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .
barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .
( moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
the result is something quite fresh and delightful .
it 's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart .
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
schindler 's list it ai n't .
consider it ` perfection . '
leigh makes these lives count .
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
big fat waste of time .
it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie .
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong .
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
into scrooge .
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .
extremely bad .
mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .
... manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal .
the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough .
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
socrates motions for hemlock .
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
it is a movie about passion .
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
if borstal boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
upper teens may get cynical .
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever .
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
entertains by providing good , lively company .
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ?
it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
these characters become wearisome .
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .
laughably , irredeemably awful .
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .
one from the heart .
instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring .
just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time .
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
let 's hope not .
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .
one of the best rock documentaries ever .
a bad movie that happened to good actors .
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
in an art film !
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
it 's exactly what you 'd expect .
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
renner ?
predictably soulless techno-tripe .
unflinchingly bleak and desperate
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
a chick flick for guys .
it 's sort of in-between , and it works .
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make .
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven .
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
not as good as the original , but what is ...
one long string of cliches .
or intelligent .
nothing about them is attractive .
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
and in a sense , that 's a liability .
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it .
divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy .
both deserve better .
brilliant ! '
is n't it great ?
a sour , nasty offering .
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
this is a truly , truly bad movie .
wins my vote for ` the 2002 enemy of cinema ' award .
warm and exotic .
the entire cast is extraordinarily good .
it 's always enthralling .
hey arnold !
a dreary indulgence .
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
the gags are often a stitch .
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize .
who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
lacks depth .
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .
the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .
offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
poignant and delicately complex .
a mess , but it 's a sincere mess .
the next big thing 's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut .
believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
( sen 's ) soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film .
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
two hours of junk .
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
a processed comedy chop suey .
been there done that .
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing .
shallow .
( a ) slummer .
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life .
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .
lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless .
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
now it 's just tired .
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .
an absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .
technically and artistically inept .
( a ) strong piece of work .
a bravura exercise in emptiness .
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
a movie to forget
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ``
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
it 's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
it 's fitfully funny but never really takes off .
a well-executed spy-thriller .
yet another weepy southern bore-athon .
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
something the true film buff will enjoy .
and for all the wrong reasons besides .
this is more a case of ` sacre bleu ! '
we 're drawn in by the dark luster .
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff .
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
( a ) superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene 's 1955 novel .
but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
it is definitely worth seeing .
it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world .
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
it 's a charming and often affecting journey .
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
frank capra played this story straight .
he fails .
the hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .
the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
the end result is a film that 's neither .
just a kiss is a just a waste .
the christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
nor is it a romantic comedy .
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
what kids will discover is a new collectible .
the premise itself is just sooooo tired .
the actors are fantastic .
this is one of the year 's best films .
just pound away .
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances .
this is n't a new idea .
there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x .
this is not a jackie chan movie .
well before it 's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels .
the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks .
a lot smarter than your average bond .
most new movies have a bright sheen .
overall , it 's a pretty mediocre family film .
columns from ladies home journal ...
simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy .
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes .
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
flat , misguided comedy .
polished , well-structured film .
sluggish , tonally uneven .
it 's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone 's head
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing .
you can practically smell the patchouli oil .
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
it 's not without its pleasures , but i 'll stick with the tune .
a winning and wildly fascinating work .
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .
an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job ...
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .
it may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ?
bears is bad .
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson 's dahmer .
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
for all the complications , it 's all surprisingly predictable .
it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie .
but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
and vin diesel is the man .
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .
drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the - past numbness .
leaks treacle from every pore .
only for young children , if them .
as it turns out , you can go home again .
the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
the results are far more alienating than involving .
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances
a very pretty after-school special .
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
ms. fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn .
may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country .
shrewd but pointless .
but they fascinate in their recklessness .
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better .
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .
worth a look as a curiosity .
wewannour money back , actually .
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
it 's still terrible !
( woo 's ) most resonant film since the killer .
certainly .
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .
it is amusing , and that 's all it needs to be .
just plain bad .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
hayek is stunning as frida and ... a star-making project .
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
the first fatal attraction was vile enough .
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .
an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it .
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
an asian neo-realist treasure .
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .
a weird and wonderful comedy .
reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
you have to see it .
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
the story itself is actually quite vapid .
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce .
a big fat pain .
for free .
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
a humorless journey into a philosophical void .
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand .
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
it 's quite diverting nonsense .
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum .
this is simply the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary !
a small gem from belgium .
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
you 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo .
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .
dreary tale of middle-class angst
poetic , heartbreaking .
an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .
simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .
tailored to entertain !
so could young romantics out on a date .
a moving picture that does not move .
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
some actors steal scenes .
renner 's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story .
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital .
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it 's not without style .
a wry , affectionate delight .
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .
an awfully good , achingly human picture .
this is not an easy film .
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
disgusting .
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath .
bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
i simply ca n't recommend it enough .
sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't .
a well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
nothing about it fits .
the film truly does rescue ( the funk brothers ) from motown 's shadows .
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .
let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
like a south-of-the-border melrose place .
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
one of the worst films of 2002 .
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
but when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .
` rare birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
visually captivating .
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
by that measure , it is a failure .
the movie is a mess from start to finish .
surprisingly powerful and universal .
it 's uninteresting .
it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
it 's splash without the jokes .
( l ) ame and unnecessary .
a mess .
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
by turns very dark and very funny .
ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
the lower your expectations , the more you 'll enjoy it .
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
... is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri .
just send it to cranky .
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .
you 'll end up moved .
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship .
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
run for your lives !
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .
it 's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
a smart , compelling drama .
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
it 's definitely a step in the right direction .
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .
propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
this thing is just garbage .
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
opera on film is never satisfactory .
the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny .
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .
bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .
lovely and poignant .
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
an impressive hybrid .
i 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .
( a ) smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
the drama discloses almost nothing .
though it draws several decent laughs , it 's low-cal woody at best .
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
( u ) nrelentingly stupid .
an often unfunny romp .
the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .
ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
never ( sinks ) into exploitation .
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center .
leave these flowers unpicked -- they 're dead on the vine .
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .
boring we did n't .
mild , meandering teen flick .
death might be a release .
resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
like leon , it 's frustrating and still oddly likable .
a real snooze .
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
`` birthday girl `` is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
wanker goths are on the loose !
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up .
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
banal and predictable .
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .
only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .
just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
formuliac , but fun .
it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
there 's no emotional pulse to solaris .
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
more trifle than triumph .
`` freaky friday , `` it 's not .
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
a fifty car pileup of cliches .
you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
who needs love like this ?
this scarlet 's letter is a. . .
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .
thin period piece .
these are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard .
bullock 's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
secretary is not a movie about fetishism .
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
a charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .
black-and-white and unrealistic .
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
but what is missing from it all is a moral .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
oops , she 's really done it this time .
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
a good piece of work more often than not .
i could n't recommend this film more .
yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !
when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .
sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
boring and meandering .
they felt like the same movie to me .
a true pleasure .
`` an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . ``
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema .
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
it all adds up to good fun .
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
is `` ballistic `` worth the price of admission ?
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
a glorious mess .
c'mon !
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
there 's already been too many of these films ...
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans .
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood .
the film 's center will not hold .
something for everyone .
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
it 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
an almost unbearably morbid love story .
this movie is maddening .
a well-put-together piece of urban satire .
some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
is truth stranger than fiction ?
same guy with both hats .
curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary .
a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan .
i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
a tasty slice of droll whimsy .
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy .
what time is it there ?
rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .
it tells more than it shows .
their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
the movie is well crafted , and well executed .
tends to plod .
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
very well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .
but this time there 's some mold on the gold .
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .
john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .
idiotic and ugly .
detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .
photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
escapism in its purest form .
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .
quite funny for the type of movie it is ...
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
this new zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .
lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .
tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
`` home movie `` is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
... an inviting piece of film .
it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years .
the movie is a dud .
what results is the best performance from either in years .
( a ) rather thinly-conceived movie .
a complete waste of time .
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
a small movie with a big impact .
tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .
please .
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
it is quite a vision .
much monkeyfun for all .
ken russell would love this .
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
amazing !
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling .
the film 's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .
the central story lacks punch .
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
moving and vibrant .
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
and i 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss .
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .
gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff .
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
who are ` they ' ?
ah , what the hell .
anyone else seen this before ?
an impeccable study in perversity .
it 's like a drive-by .
the trailer is a riot .
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman .
explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .
`` secretary `` is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal .
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work .
another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
the ring never lets you off the hook .
suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
this time kaufman 's imagination has failed him .
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .
stay away .
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
oh , james !
only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .
it is nature against progress .
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
it 's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie .
it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .
the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .
it is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .
director clare kilner 's debut is never as daft as it should have been .
wow , a jump cut !
if only there were one for this kind of movie .
kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
the cast comes through even when the movie does n't .
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan .
it settles for being merely grim .
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
there are moments of hilarity to be had .
half past dead is just such an achievement .
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
fancy a real downer ?
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .
worse than ` silence of the lambs ' better than ` hannibal '
what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
a little objectivity could have gone a long way .
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome .
what we get ... is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons .
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller .
a non-mystery mystery .
a timid , soggy near miss .
fortunately , you still have that option .
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
in a strange way , egoyan has done too much .
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
`` juwanna mann ? ``
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
a puzzling experience .
one of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
a brutal and funny work .
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
now , if it only had a brain .
twist open the ouzo !
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .
the cold turkey would 've been a far better title .
even better than the first one !
it drowns in sap .
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
without any redeeming value whatsoever .
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
there can be no other explanation .
grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .
you 'll probably love it .
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna .
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .
or both .
an enjoyable experience .
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom .
insightfully written , delicately performed
it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
a little too pat for its own good .
hard , endearing , caring , warm .
i have two words to say about reign of fire .
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance ...
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
extremely confusing .
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
a portrait of an artist .
a slick , engrossing melodrama .
even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping .
i will be .
works as pretty contagious fun .
too bad none of it is funny .
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend .
may puzzle his most ardent fans .
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
for a shoot - 'em - up , ballistic is oddly lifeless .
an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi .
at times , it actually hurts to watch .
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
than ` magnifique ' .
summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
it can be safely recommended as a video\/dvd babysitter .
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs .
ferrara 's best film in years .
good , solid storytelling .
witless and utterly pointless .
ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing .
courtney chases stuart with a cell phone .
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .
about schmidt belongs to nicholson .
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies .
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
one of the best of the year .
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
i loved looking at this movie .
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
skip work to see it at the first opportunity .
it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .
that 's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan 's existence .
lookin ' for sin , american-style ?
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .
under 15 ?
this is not a retread of `` dead poets ' society . ``
near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
storytelling feels slight .
effective but too-tepid biopic
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
an exit sign , that is .
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
at its worst , it 's rambo - meets-john ford .
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
it 's an awfully derivative story .
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .
`` the adventures of pluto nash `` is a big time stinker .
godawful boring slug of a movie .
a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness .
by-the-numbers yarn .
thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout .
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
nothing is black and white .
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills .
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
the same should go for movie theaters .
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .
a high-minded snoozer .
a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .
what 's next ?
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
but , for that , why not watch a documentary ?
psychologically revealing .
it did n't go straight to video .
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
but this is lohman 's film .
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
uneven but a lot of fun .
` this movie sucks . '
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
a remarkable film by bernard rose .
manages to delight without much of a story .
it deserves to be seen everywhere .
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
but there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
well-meant but unoriginal .
` easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
i love the robust middle of this picture .
action - mechanical .
` snow dogs ' has both .
a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
and in this regard , on guard delivers .
can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
the heat of the moment prevails .
i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .
, `` they 're out there ! ``
but some unexpected zigs and zags help .
too predictably , in fact .
i did n't think so .
i 'm guessing the director is a magician .
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
... although this idea is `` new `` the results are tired .
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
ninety minutes of viva castro !
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you 'll read anywhere .
the result might look like vulgar .
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
... always remains movingly genuine .
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency .
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
what parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .
that 's its first sign of trouble .
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .
contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment .
a deep and meaningful film .
oh , and more entertaining , too .
then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
the production values are up there .
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
( a ) devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .
basically , it 's pretty but dumb .
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script .
as vulgar as it is banal .
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .
these people are really going to love the piano teacher .
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
incoherence reigns .
they should have found orson welles ' great-grandson .
slap her - she 's not funny !
muddled , trashy and incompetent
intriguing and downright intoxicating .
a masterpiece four years in the making .
nice piece of work .
he 'd create a movie better than this .
well , it does go on forever .
say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .
in the end , there is n't much to it .
that 's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
` what 's the russian word for wow ! ? '
`` the best disney movie since the lion king ``
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .
sorvino is delightful in the central role .
too much power , not enough puff .
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
a manically generous christmas vaudeville .
a lovably old-school hollywood confection .
despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book .
see it for his performance if nothing else .
martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .
the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .
it 's slow -- very , very slow .
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn .
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman `` wanted to be .
only at the prospect of beck 's next project .
an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
yes , you are , ben kingsley .
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .
insanely hilarious !
little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
it must be in the genes .
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
it still feels like a prison stretch .
and forget about any attempt at a plot !
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .
intriguing and stylish .
woody allen has really found his groove these days .
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
it may not be `` last tango in paris `` but ...
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
it 's never dull and always looks good .
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
more precious than perspicacious
congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
as saccharine as it is disposable .
ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
worth the effort to watch .
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
the title 's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .
a little better than sorcerer 's stone .
phoned-in business as usual .
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .
a marvel like none you 've seen .
as happily glib and vicious as its characters .
meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .
never inspires more than an interested detachment .
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories .
it 's just incredibly dull .
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
( kirshner wins , but it 's close . )
the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma .
a perceptive , good-natured movie .
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
sometimes shorter is better .
a negligible british comedy .
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
... blade ii is more enjoyable than the original .
it 's funny .
and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences .
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .
anyone who can count to five ( the film 's target market ? )
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
... a confusing drudgery .
there is no denying the power of polanski 's film ...
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
noyce 's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .
certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
very well-written and very well-acted .
meanders between its powerful moments .
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
yo , it 's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo .
you 'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
an extraordinarily silly thriller .
it is a likable story , told with competence .
`` red dragon `` is entertaining .
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb .
( t ) oo many of these gross out scenes ...
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .
it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
calculated swill .
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know .
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .
the film can depress you about life itself .
moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance .
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
( plays ) in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .
as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair .
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
it represents better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience .
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
but it still jingles in the pocket .
ruh-roh !
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
i do n't think so .
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare .
excellent acting and direction .
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
the thing just never gets off the ground .
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
the beauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the details .
although the editing might have been tighter , hush !
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
brave and sweetly rendered love story .
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie .
if religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch .
an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort .
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold .
there 's not enough to sustain the comedy .
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
teens only .
( an ) absorbing documentary .
a very bad sign .
remarkably accessible and affecting .
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
it might as well have been problem child iv .
this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
a romance ?
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
a solid film ... but more conscientious than it is truly stirring .
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
ah , the travails of metropolitan life !
creepy , authentic and dark .
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell .
well-meaning but inert .
the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing .
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
do not see this film .
girls gone wild and gone civil again
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .
an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
nair does n't use ( monsoon wedding ) to lament the loss of culture .
a feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative .
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
slight but enjoyable documentary .
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
tsai ming-liang 's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .
is not easy .
an awkward and indigestible movie .
all three women deliver remarkable performances .
with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .
it 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
the art demands live viewing .
scorsese does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about .
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .
displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
... lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar .
it 's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie .
in a word : no . .
heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension .
tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
bad movie .
a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney .
it 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
not once does it come close to being exciting .
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
vulgar is too optimistic a title .
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both look and sound great .
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
a fun ride .
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .
fails to bring as much to the table .
your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .
boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan 's backyard .
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .
philip k. dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
charlotte sometimes is a gem .
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
`` on guard ! ``
the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .
a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .
an absurdist spider web .
this is a children 's film in the truest sense .
smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .
a comic gem with some serious sparkles .
dramas like this make it human .
the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
... a bland , pretentious mess .
make no mistake , ivans xtc .
both the crime story and the love story are unusual .
everything that 's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television .
lawrence should stick to his day job .
or else a doggie winks .
too much of the humor falls flat .
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
an ambitious and moving but bleak film .
oozes condescension from every pore .
a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
an unflinching look at the world 's dispossessed .
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
its director 's most substantial feature for some time .
it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
all that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .
they 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
a genuine mind-bender .
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
it was a dark and stormy night ...
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle .
where the film falters is in its tone .
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .
still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
everyone 's to blame here .
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .
the performances take the movie to a higher level .
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer .
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone .
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
watching haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
it 's just not very smart .
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
the new guy is one of them .
it 's fun lite .
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
merry friggin ' christmas !
feral and uncomfortable .
there are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
it 's that good .
arnie blows things up .
i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
too clever by about nine-tenths .
it looks good , but it is essentially empty .
highly watchable stuff .
a three-hour cinema master class .
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
that 's fun for kids of any age .
ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
the movie is brilliant , really .
energetic and boldly provocative .
as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .
but you 'd never guess that from the performances .
i liked it just enough .
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
how did it ever get made ?
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .
will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
big deal !
the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland .
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
`` my god , i 'm behaving like an idiot ! ``
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
frank mcklusky c.i . is that movie !
not exactly the bees knees
it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .
how about surprising us by trying something new ?
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .
a beautiful paean to a time long past .
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
a loquacious and dreary piece of business .
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people .
eerily accurate depiction of depression .
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
and that makes all the difference .
dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .
another rent installment for the ian fleming estate .
he gets his secretary to fax it . ``
a smart little indie .
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
the movie is well done , but slow .
morton is , as usual , brilliant .
a sometimes tedious film .
please see previous answer .
poetry in motion captured on film .
occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effective .
as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music .
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .
anemic , pretentious .
sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film .
two-bit potboiler .
so what is the point ?
did the film inform and educate me ?
a model of what films like this should be like .
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made .
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
the movie makes absolutely no sense .
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
seriously , rent the disney version .
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities .
sturdy , entertaining period drama ... both caine and fraser have their moments .
a sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes .
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .
but i do .
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino .
we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again .
a waste of good performances .
big time .
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
do n't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it 's anti-catholic .
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
hardly a film that comes along every day .
yep , it 's `` waking up in reno . ``
... has virtually no script at all ...
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life .
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
spiderman rocks
so i just did .
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
all in all , a great party .
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
there is greatness here .
when the twist endings were actually surprising ?
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
an awful snooze .
one regards reign of fire with awe .
this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack .
melodrama with a message .
hey , who else needs a shower ?
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
i still want my money back .
nothing more than a mediocre trifle .
a work of astonishing delicacy and force .
go .
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
search it out .
it just does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .
a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal .
flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams .
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs .
go , girls , right down the reality drain .
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .
my own minority report is that it stinks .
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
i liked this film a lot ...
slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
every note rings false .
ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .
brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
a chaotic panorama that 's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .
clever but not especially compelling .
i ca n't .
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs .
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
the stories here suffer from the chosen format .
his work with actors is particularly impressive .
there 's nothing to gain from watching they .
flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .
the concept is a hoot .
we do n't even like their characters .
if you do n't ... well , skip to another review .
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .
sometimes , that 's enough .
the movie bounces all over the map .
it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
this is it .
gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
strange it is , but delightfully so .
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
it 's all surface psychodramatics .
utter mush ... conceited pap .
i also believe that resident evil is not it .
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it .
the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
if i want music , i 'll buy the soundtrack .
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
it 's still worth a look .
bluto blutarsky , we miss you .
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . '
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
you 've seen them a million times .
cool .
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .
it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up .
just dreadful .
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
for the most part , the ingredients are there .
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
not even the hanson brothers can save it
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance ...
you live the mood rather than savour the story .
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .
aan opportunity wasted .
i believe the message is in the messenger : the agent is a woman .
a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .
this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998 's whatever .
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc .
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
you will likely prefer to keep on watching .
cinematic pratfalls given a working over .
( a ) stale retread of the '53 original .
what happens to john q ?
a wildly funny prison caper .
i 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable .
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
while hoffman 's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .
... a well-observed and disturbing little movie
true hollywood story .
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
i wanted more .
sly , sophisticated and surprising .
( barry ) gives assassin a disquieting authority .
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?
... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
one funny popcorn flick .
lazy , miserable and smug .
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot ...
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
the film 's essentially over by the meet-cute .
... hokey art house pretension .
truly terrible .
but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
this is a movie you can trust .
is it a comedy ?
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .
crummy .
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
just like igby .
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous .
mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .
and `` they 're coming ! ``
it 's mostly a pleasure to watch .
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
would i see it again ?
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
but in 2002 , such revelations wilt .
it 's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring .
a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .
prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this english trifle .
an infuriating film .
skillful as he is , mr. shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
in this case zero .
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
i ca n't recommend it .
`` extreme ops `` exceeds expectations .
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .
fantastic !
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .
duvall is strong as always .
it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
murder by numbers just does n't add up .
or that the battery on your watch has died .
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .
just how extreme are these ops ?
over age 15 ?
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
this new time machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable .
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
a stylish thriller .
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
people cinema at its finest .
it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
or emptying rat traps .
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
my reaction in a word : disappointment .
not bad , but not all that good .
auto focus is not your standard hollywood bio-pic .
the biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .
the movie gets muted and routine .
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
a sense of real magic , perhaps .
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic .
hard to resist .
gloriously straight from the vagina .
like mike is n't interested in recycling old cliches .
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .
originality is sorely lacking .
an opportunity missed .
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .
frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series .
wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .
grating and tedious .
warmed-over hash .
an exhilarating serving of movie fluff .
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
( a ) poorly executed comedy .
it 's not too fast and not too slow .
the next generation of mob movie .
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
bond-inspired ?
it 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but i liked it .
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
but you 'll definitely want the t-shirt .
woody , what happened ?
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .
what happened with pluto nash ?
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .
that 's because relatively nothing happens .
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .
this movie got me grinning .
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
obvious .
fun and nimble .
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
except it 's much , much better .
an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film ...
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
steve irwin 's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
it 's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary ...
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
family fare .
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
it 's just merely very bad .
sparse but oddly compelling .
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
well-made but mush-hearted .
one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .
some episodes work , some do n't .
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
so here it is : it 's about a family of sour immortals .
bearable .
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
a hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic french nuance .
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
i just loved every minute of this film .
it 's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .
a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .
denzel washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .
those unfamiliar with mormon traditions may find the singles ward occasionally bewildering .
chances are you wo n't , either .
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .
this one 's weaker than most .
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor .
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
it 's a masterpiece .
... too dull to enjoy .
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
long time dead ?
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ?
but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic ...
... really horrible drek .
still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .
but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
no laughs .
and if the hours wins ` best picture ' i just might .
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
familiar but utterly delightful .
the voices are fine as well .
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
debut effort by `` project greenlight `` winner is sappy and amateurish .
i did n't laugh .
jacquot 's tosca is a treat .
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
an imaginative comedy\/thriller .
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars .
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
films are made of little moments .
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
is it a total success ?
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
in fact , even better .
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .
it 's too bad nothing else is .
go back to sleep .
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good .
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
in period costume and with a bigger budget .
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base ...
trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much .
they should have called it gutterball .
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
aggravating and tedious .
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
and that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
almost gags on its own gore .
schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e !
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
lurid and less than lucid work .
this is a film living far too much in its own head .
demands too much of most viewers .
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .
a coarse and stupid gross-out .
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
- i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
... watching it was painful .
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
deserving of its critical backlash and more .
this one is certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrived .
an empty , purposeless exercise .
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
that 's pure pr hype .
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible .
the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music .
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary .
oddly compelling .
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
... delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch .
but here 's a glimpse at his life .
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
... irritating soul-searching garbage .
it gets old quickly .
a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing .
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ?
weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .
the piano teacher is not an easy film .
it 's better than the phantom menace .
fluffy and disposible .
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
at the bottom rung of the series ' entries .
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney 's a good director .
a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .
wow .
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending .
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
entertaining enough , but nothing new
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
arty gay film .
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
morton deserves an oscar nomination .
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills .
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
an engaging overview of johnson 's eccentric career .
watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both .
it bites hard .
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .
gently humorous and touching .
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away .
cool ?
insomnia is involving .
freundlich 's made ( crudup ) a suburban architect , and a cipher .
if you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ``
demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .
consider this review life-affirming .
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
an uplifting drama ... what antwone fisher is n't , however , is original .
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
this is pure , exciting moviemaking .
but it was n't .
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .
there is truth here
movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction .
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .
has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...
it 's stylishly directed with verve ...
this is an interesting movie ! ``
refreshing .
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .
oh come on .
does n't amount to much of anything .
blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .
a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america 's culture of fear .
his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding .
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie .
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
wait to see it then .
marisa tomei is good , but just a kiss is just a mess .
this is n't even madonna 's swept away .
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters .
a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .
consistently clever and suspenseful .
it never fails to engage us .
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .
goofy , nutty , consistently funny .
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
genuinely touching because it 's realistic about all kinds of love .
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter .
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .
still , i 'm not quite sure what the point is ...
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
it 's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell .
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
as a film director , labute continues to improve .
bang !
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
it is n't scary .
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold !
this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
... silly humbuggery ...
a well-crafted letdown .
o.k . , not really .
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz .
bourne , jason bourne .
and a very rainy day .
qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
all mood and no movie .
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .
ridiculous .
if only it were , well , funnier .
a good thriller .
disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .
like a can of 2-day old coke .
there 's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .
the film is flat .
a film of quiet power .
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery .
but fans of the show should not consider this a diss .
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .
formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things .
decent but dull .
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying .
competently directed but terminally cute drama .
a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas .
really quite funny .
sometimes smart but more often sophomoric .
much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .
acting can not be acted .
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession .
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .
it 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good .
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
( a ) rare , beautiful film .
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
i do n't think i laughed out loud once .
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .
it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .
crikey indeed .
there 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .
too close to phantom menace for comfort .
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
the best part about `` gangs `` was daniel day-lewis .
thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
i like frank the pug , though .
this is really just another genre picture .
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .
the film is all over the place , really .
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood .
still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
mr. wedge and mr. saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well .
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
the story ... is moldy and obvious .
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis ' book .
witty , touching and well paced .
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself .
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
if you love motown music , you 'll love this documentary .
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .
or , you can do something fun tonight .
i like it .
otherwise , maybe .
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
but it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
... routine , harmless diversion and little else .
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ``
quietly engaging .
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
candid camera on methamphetamines .
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
we have n't seen such hilarity since say it is n't so !
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
writer\/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america .
one of those so-so films that could have been much better .
you might not buy the ideas .
the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
a captivating new film .
bad .
a blessed gift to film geeks and historians .
it 's drab .
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
a smart , witty follow-up .
no way i can believe this load of junk .
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .
call this the full monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick .
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .
neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn .
the performances are remarkable .
overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very imaxy .
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .
a very charming and funny movie .
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch .
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length .
( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...
the crap continues .
something like scrubbing the toilet .
uplifting , funny and wise .
a solidly seaworthy chiller .
well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .
she 's not yet an actress , not quite a singer ...
it treats women like idiots .
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba .
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .
insufferably naive .
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
`` abandon `` will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
from beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
a compelling film .
low comedy does n't come much lower .
you want to call domino 's .
but it would be better to wait for the video .
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
i admired this work a lot .
show me the mugging .
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does .
dreary , highly annoying ... ` some body ' will appeal to no one .
wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
flawed but worthy look at life in u.s. relocation camps .
he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
no thanks .
i survived .
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
just how these families interact may surprise you .
a very capable nailbiter .
i 'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .
his scenes are short and often unexpected .
it 's not an easy one to review .
ok arthouse .
... unbearably lame .
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .
this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .
are monsters born , or made ?
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .
you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer .
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch .
this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash .
a chiller resolutely without chills .
old-form moviemaking at its best .
fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
earnest but heavy-handed .
passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes .
( a ) satisfying niblet .
it should have stayed there .
hey arnold !
it has fun being grown up .
barely goes beyond comic book status .
eventually , it wins you over .
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
well , it 's not as pathetic as the animal .
if i want a real movie , i 'll buy the criterion dvd .
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
maguire is a surprisingly effective peter\/spider-man .
a dreary movie .
jones ... does offer a brutal form of charisma .
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .
i like this movie a lot .
more tiring than anything .
this is a very funny , heartwarming film .
prepare to marvel again .
he has a great cast and a great idea .
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .
a tour de force of modern cinema .
as an actor , the rock is aptly named .
it 's not too much of anything .
`` the time machine `` is a movie that has no interest in itself .
it 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
the rest of the film ... is dudsville .
if you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .
the tenderness of the piece is still intact .
here , thankfully , they are .
personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
the thrill is ( long ) gone .
oh , it 's extreme , all right .
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
it never is , not fully .
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
alas , it 's neither .
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
a slick , skillful little horror film .
i do n't have an i am sam clue .
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version .
often hilarious .
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
moretti 's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .
very bad .
all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
( serry ) wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .
it 's a very valuable film ...
merci pour le movie .
a warm , funny , engaging film .
there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .
almost .
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness .
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
... too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .
a wordy wisp of a comedy .
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
even kids deserve better .
deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .
bring tissues .
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ?
... a great , participatory spectator sport . '
impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
malcolm mcdowell is cool .
this one does .
though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking .
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
hey , happy !
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
boy oh boy , it 's a howler .
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .
this thing is virtually unwatchable .
you bet .
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps .
so-so entertainment .
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
a great idea becomes a not-great movie .
the movie is without intent .
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
the film is powerful , accessible and funny .
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .
being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ?
it 's also stupider .
under-rehearsed and lifeless
they cheapen the overall effect .
average , at best , i 'm afraid .
there 's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl .
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
the ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures .
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
genuinely unnerving .
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .
it 's unnerving to see recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment .
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .
it just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .
pretty good little movie .
bland but harmless .
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker .
hmm .
too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could 've been an impacting film .
a doa dud from frame one .
`` roger michell ( `` notting hill `` ) directs a morality thriller . ``
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation .
