tom green just gives them a bad odor .
formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
yo , it 's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo .
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .
you might not buy the ideas .
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
it should have stayed there .
just plain bad .
plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread .
... pray does n't have a passion for the material .
an exit sign , that is .
low rent from frame one .
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
a chick flick for guys .
you could hate it for the same reason .
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma .
( t ) oo many of these gross out scenes ...
boring we did n't .
yet another weepy southern bore-athon .
an infuriating film .
i still want my money back .
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
nothing but an episode of smackdown !
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
feels familiar and tired .
certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
the film is flat .
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
no . .
now , if it only had a brain .
or , you can do something fun tonight .
expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ?
it 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
an extremely unpleasant film .
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance .
a feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
but it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .
vulgar is too optimistic a title .
an empty , purposeless exercise .
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek 's novel by some way .
( a ) slummer .
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
debut effort by `` project greenlight `` winner is sappy and amateurish .
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending .
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable .
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
... they missed the boat .
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
still , i 'm not quite sure what the point is ...
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
almost peerlessly unsettling .
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it .
the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .
simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .
( a ) stale retread of the '53 original .
if i want music , i 'll buy the soundtrack .
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .
and neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
banal and predictable .
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things .
an almost unbearably morbid love story .
this one 's weaker than most .
some of it is clever , but it is never melodic \/
this is so bad .
some movies blend together as they become distant memories .
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
over and over again .
it 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
and forget about any attempt at a plot !
though it draws several decent laughs , it 's low-cal woody at best .
it 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
press the delete key .
sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't .
too close to phantom menace for comfort .
well , it does go on forever .
show me the mugging .
it 's uninteresting .
it just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome .
what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical .
simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy .
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes .
an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job ...
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .
the thrill is ( long ) gone .
i wanted more .
it does n't work as either .
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
you see robin williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .
um , no . .
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up .
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself .
she 's not yet an actress , not quite a singer ...
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
otherwise , maybe .
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ``
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
nothing about it fits .
director clare kilner 's debut is never as daft as it should have been .
a tasty slice of droll whimsy .
as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
this is a truly , truly bad movie .
`` abandon `` will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
this time kaufman 's imagination has failed him .
it 's another retelling of alexandre dumas ' classic .
the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .
some episodes work , some do n't .
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
never inspires more than an interested detachment .
nair does n't use ( monsoon wedding ) to lament the loss of culture .
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .
o.k . , not really .
this is it .
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
the premise itself is just sooooo tired .
seems like someone going through the motions .
originality is sorely lacking .
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
sometimes smart but more often sophomoric .
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas .
murder by numbers just does n't add up .
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
go , girls , right down the reality drain .
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
two-bit potboiler .
an opportunity missed .
the rest of the film ... is dudsville .
john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
... too dull to enjoy .
alas , another breathless movie about same !
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo .
one of the worst movies of the year .
the movie is well done , but slow .
... a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture .
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .
but not a whit more .
this thing is virtually unwatchable .
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
made by jackasses for jackasses .
this one is certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrived .
only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
these characters become wearisome .
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .
lurid and less than lucid work .
the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny .
overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .
do n't even bother to rent this on video .
we do n't even like their characters .
nothing too deep or substantial .
it 's also stupider .
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
there 's no energy .
i also believe that resident evil is not it .
prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this english trifle .
credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
sometimes , that 's enough .
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
if you 're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .
it 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
it 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
thin period piece .
fancy a real downer ?
just send it to cranky .
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of ( besson 's ) earlier work .
... salaciously simplistic .
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .
woody , what happened ?
but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
we get the comedy we settle for .
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .
beware the quirky brit-com .
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone .
the movie gets muted and routine .
a chaotic panorama that 's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
but then again , i hate myself most mornings .
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ``
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
they should have called it gutterball .
... too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .
all mood and no movie .
although the editing might have been tighter , hush !
wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .
from beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
black-and-white and unrealistic .
a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .
curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary .
flat , misguided comedy .
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .
( l ) ame and unnecessary .
... lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar .
worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .
personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .
but it would be better to wait for the video .
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
low comedy does n't come much lower .
i 'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
extremely boring .
anyone else seen this before ?
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies .
disgusting .
do n't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it 's anti-catholic .
predictably soulless techno-tripe .
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .
comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .
at once half-baked and overheated .
admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch .
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .
bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .
death might be a release .
all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
anemic , pretentious .
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
the ending is a cop-out .
feeble comedy .
like a poor man 's you can count on me
grating and tedious .
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan .
excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .
i 'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .
it 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
do n't let your festive spirit go this far .
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .
forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
below is well below expectations .
being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .
sure , i hated myself in the morning .
sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
the movie is a desperate miscalculation .
where the film falters is in its tone .
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
the end result is a film that 's neither .
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
it 's just not very smart .
there 's nothing to gain from watching they .
( sen 's ) soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
... stale and uninspired .
like a south-of-the-border melrose place .
but what is missing from it all is a moral .
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .
no way i can believe this load of junk .
in the end , there is n't much to it .
this is not an easy film .
arnie blows things up .
shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption .
those unfamiliar with mormon traditions may find the singles ward occasionally bewildering .
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
as vulgar as it is banal .
action - mechanical .
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna .
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .
a porn film without the sex scenes .
a sour , nasty offering .
it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .
if religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
yes , dull .
an awkward and indigestible movie .
grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .
... nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
but it was n't .
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
fails to bring as much to the table .
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
... irritating soul-searching garbage .
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
slap me , i saw this movie .
meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .
ah , the travails of metropolitan life !
teens only .
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold .
it gets old quickly .
part low rent godfather .
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort .
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
by-the-numbers yarn .
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
( a ) crushing disappointment .
ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
... the movie is just a plain old monster .
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
the drama discloses almost nothing .
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
in this case zero .
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the - past numbness .
a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker .
... unbearably lame .
idiotic and ugly .
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
no laughs .
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
sluggish , tonally uneven .
calculated swill .
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
does n't add up to much .
it 's splash without the jokes .
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
sad nonsense , this .
socrates motions for hemlock .
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .
that 's pure pr hype .
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
upper teens may get cynical .
for a shoot - 'em - up , ballistic is oddly lifeless .
let 's hope not .
enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
... silly humbuggery ...
unflinchingly bleak and desperate
a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine .
the screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture .
i do n't have an i am sam clue .
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance .
but there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .
the film is all over the place , really .
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
it took 19 predecessors to get this ?
dreary , highly annoying ... ` some body ' will appeal to no one .
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
he may have meant the internet short saving ryan 's privates .
it 's that painful .
heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension .
an absurdist spider web .
fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
utter mush ... conceited pap .
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy 's intrepid hero ?
when the twist endings were actually surprising ?
stale , futile scenario .
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .
may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country .
veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda .
i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
it looks good , but it is essentially empty .
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .
extremely confusing .
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .
the filmmakers might want to look it up .
ill-considered , unholy hokum .
as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music .
a chiller resolutely without chills .
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
if i want a real movie , i 'll buy the criterion dvd .
dreary tale of middle-class angst
the results are far more alienating than involving .
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e !
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
watching haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
the central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
he gets his secretary to fax it . ``
but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital .
it settles for being merely grim .
you want to call domino 's .
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
it 's laughing at us .
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .
even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping .
it 's drab .
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .
stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
schindler 's list it ai n't .
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
the picture does n't know it 's a comedy .
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .
a non-mystery mystery .
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .
the movie makes absolutely no sense .
tsai ming-liang 's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .
most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .
my reaction in a word : disappointment .
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
it 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .
predictably melodramatic .
opera on film is never satisfactory .
in the wrong hands , i.e . peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .
or emptying rat traps .
but you 'd never guess that from the performances .
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
philip k. dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ?
avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis ' book .
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
woefully pretentious .
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal .
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
insomnia is involving .
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
it might as well have been problem child iv .
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version .
it 's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt .
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs .
the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .
a moving picture that does not move .
a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .
divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy .
worthy of the gong .
stay away .
it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
as saccharine as it is disposable .
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base ...
barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions .
but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? )
flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams .
a negligible british comedy .
c'mon !
the movie is a dud .
there 's no good answer to that one .
a mild , reluctant , thumbs down .
i hated every minute of it .
when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .
of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
naipaul fans may be disappointed .
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
a lame comedy .
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ?
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .
this is n't even madonna 's swept away .
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
`` the time machine `` is a movie that has no interest in itself .
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
what parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .
you 'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
the porky 's revenge : ultimate edition ?
not once does it come close to being exciting .
bad .
when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ?
now it 's just tired .
at the bottom rung of the series ' entries .
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ?
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
terrible .
it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie .
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script .
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
it 's not too much of anything .
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
even kids deserve better .
moot point .
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
obvious .
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
gere gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .
it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
there 's already been too many of these films ...
what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba .
a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .
something like scrubbing the toilet .
this new zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .
believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .
wait to see it then .
ararat feels like a book report
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
if only merchant paid more attention the story .
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .
a puzzling experience .
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
all that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .
shrewd but pointless .
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
technically and artistically inept .
i do n't think i laughed out loud once .
that 's its first sign of trouble .
it drowns in sap .
mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
and diesel is n't the actor to save it .
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
wait for it to hit cable .
a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .
visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .
but it does n't leave you with much .
no movement , no yuks , not much of anything .
a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan .
a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie .
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
that 's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan 's existence .
does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring .
truly terrible .
try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .
and in a sense , that 's a liability .
haneke keeps us at arm 's length .
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
two hours of junk .
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel ...
explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .
... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
not as good as the original , but what is ...
he fails .
more tiring than anything .
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance ...
do not see this film .
it may not be `` last tango in paris `` but ...
just pound away .
say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .
... really horrible drek .
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
the cold turkey would 've been a far better title .
in a word : no . .
blue crush is as predictable as the tides .
to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable .
marisa tomei is good , but just a kiss is just a mess .
it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .
the material and the production itself are little more than routine .
there can be no other explanation .
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
it 's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
big deal !
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
well , it 's not as pathetic as the animal .
a dreary movie .
i ca n't recommend it .
it 's everything you do n't go to the movies for .
this u-boat does n't have a captain .
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .
it hates its characters .
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down .
the gantzes ' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook .
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .
punish the vehicle to adore the star .
let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
decent but dull .
the film 's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .
a very average science fiction film .
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
how about surprising us by trying something new ?
deserving of its critical backlash and more .
one of the worst films of 2002 .
i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .
it 's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
but , for that , why not watch a documentary ?
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .
a sometimes tedious film .
run for your lives !
when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever .
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
... is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri .
little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
a big fat pain .
what happened with pluto nash ?
the pool drowned me in boredom .
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .
a timid , soggy near miss .
norton holds the film together .
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
cinematic pratfalls given a working over .
self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
it still feels like a prison stretch .
there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
if only it were , well , funnier .
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .
bearable .
you 're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .
acting can not be acted .
or else a doggie winks .
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .
`` the adventures of pluto nash `` is a big time stinker .
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .
the film 's most improbable feat ?
it would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00 .
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it .
not even the hanson brothers can save it
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .
whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .
the piano teacher is not an easy film .
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .
a fifty car pileup of cliches .
not bad , but not all that good .
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story .
arty gay film .
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does .
i had to look away - this was god awful .
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .
a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series .
a movie to forget
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
muddled , trashy and incompetent
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum .
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
it 's haunting .
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
the story ... is moldy and obvious .
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
this is just lazy writing .
demands too much of most viewers .
an extraordinarily silly thriller .
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
the lower your expectations , the more you 'll enjoy it .
eerily accurate depiction of depression .
almost everything else is wan .
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
ruh-roh !
ridiculous .
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
the date movie that franz kafka would have made .
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
leave these flowers unpicked -- they 're dead on the vine .
verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills .
detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
every joke is repeated at least four times .
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .
frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .
summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
is office work really as alienating as ` bartleby ' so effectively makes it ?
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .
tends to plod .
it 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .
both deserve better .
cynics need not apply . '
alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller .
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .
propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
a coarse and stupid gross-out .
a feeble tootsie knockoff .
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .
the film can depress you about life itself .
i survived .
so what is the point ?
one long string of cliches .
lazy , miserable and smug .
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length .
it 's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie .
well-meant but unoriginal .
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .
this movie is maddening .
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
a very bad sign .
so here it is : it 's about a family of sour immortals .
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
i 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
another rent installment for the ian fleming estate .
the result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring .
( moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent .
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .
then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
bond-inspired ?
that 's because relatively nothing happens .
the script ?
too bad .
... a bland , pretentious mess .
wishy-washy .
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
is this progress ?
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie .
... delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
this franchise has not spawned a single good film .
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency .
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
far away .
it 's just incredibly dull .
it 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .
bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .
a mess .
it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell .
a real snooze .
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ?
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title .
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
time out is as serious as a pink slip .
meanders between its powerful moments .
steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it .
anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .
and a very rainy day .
a little too pat for its own good .
and for all the wrong reasons besides .
it just does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .
a complete waste of time .
disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
the title 's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .
gloriously straight from the vagina .
as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair .
but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .
the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man .
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
... hokey art house pretension .
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .
( plays ) in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
more maudlin than sharp .
basically , it 's pretty but dumb .
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
crikey indeed .
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .
it never is , not fully .
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .
for dance completists only .
too bad the former murphy brown does n't pop reese back .
mildly entertaining .
ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?
thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking .
any rock pile will do for a set .
this thing is just garbage .
it was a dark and stormy night ...
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
the ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures .
a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness .
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
it 's just plain boring .
hey , who else needs a shower ?
basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars .
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
boring and meandering .
barely .
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
a humorless journey into a philosophical void .
but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?
but this time there 's some mold on the gold .
almost gags on its own gore .
he 's not good with people .
this is more a case of ` sacre bleu ! '
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
godawful boring slug of a movie .
eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath .
but here 's the real damn : it is n't funny , either .
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit .
( a ) rather thinly-conceived movie .
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood .
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
the thing just never gets off the ground .
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
a film that suffers because of its many excesses .
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
they 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .
an ugly , revolting movie .
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
anyone who can count to five ( the film 's target market ? )
still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences .
wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
painfully padded .
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way .
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
the movie is without intent .
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer .
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
when the heroes were actually under 40 ?
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
wanker goths are on the loose !
nothing more than a mediocre trifle .
bland but harmless .
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
one of ( herzog 's ) least inspired works .
a doa dud from frame one .
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
the christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
does n't amount to much of anything .
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
get out your pooper-scoopers .
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .
it treats women like idiots .
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .
this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack .
my own minority report is that it stinks .
creepy , authentic and dark .
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
no surprises .
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
do n't waste your money .
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary .
`` freaky friday , `` it 's not .
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
frenetic but not really funny .
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
bullock 's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
storytelling feels slight .
bad company .
narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .
no thanks .
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
even die-hard fans of japanese animation ... will find this one a challenge .
nor is it a romantic comedy .
it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .
it 's quite diverting nonsense .
a processed comedy chop suey .
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
one of those so-so films that could have been much better .
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
a sentimental mess that never rings true .
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
a bad movie that happened to good actors .
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .
-- was a fad that had long since vanished .
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
very bad .
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .
a sudsy cautionary tale .
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . ``
you can practically smell the patchouli oil .
over age 15 ?
includes too much obvious padding .
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch .
or that the battery on your watch has died .
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that 's okay .
it 's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
pompous and garbled .
in period costume and with a bigger budget .
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
but in 2002 , such revelations wilt .
clever but not especially compelling .
it 's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .
it 's not an easy one to review .
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz .
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
a turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull .
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
without any redeeming value whatsoever .
a long-winded , predictable scenario .
choppy , overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . '
i did n't laugh .
bears is bad .
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
just one problem : fish out of water usually die .
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ``
insufferably naive .
denzel washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
there 's no emotional pulse to solaris .
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .
well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
a loquacious and dreary piece of business .
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap .
`` my god , i 'm behaving like an idiot ! ``
fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made .
the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .
i do n't think so .
just a kiss is a just a waste .
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .
a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
everyone 's to blame here .
moretti 's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
more trifle than triumph .
not nearly long enough .
the story itself is actually quite vapid .
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
there 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change .
barely goes beyond comic book status .
guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up .
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much .
lookin ' for sin , american-style ?
( a ) poorly executed comedy .
martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie .
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
alas , it 's neither .
by that measure , it is a failure .
it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
a waste of good performances .
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
... although this idea is `` new `` the results are tired .
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .
the crap continues .
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .
it did n't go straight to video .
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away .
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .
( u ) nrelentingly stupid .
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize .
throw smoochy from the train !
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .
less than fresh .
ok arthouse .
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
it would have benefitted the dialogue .
i did n't think so .
for all the complications , it 's all surprisingly predictable .
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .
leaks treacle from every pore .
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .
and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .
weird .
hmm .
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .
is not easy .
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
it 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .
go back to sleep .
under-rehearsed and lifeless
every note rings false .
somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional .
columns from ladies home journal ...
the film 's center will not hold .
there 's not enough to sustain the comedy .
you 've seen them a million times .
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
besides , real movie producers are n't this nice .
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
bad movie .
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .
mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn .
seriously , rent the disney version .
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
this is a film living far too much in its own head .
the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
everything is off .
... a confusing drudgery .
he 'd create a movie better than this .
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
witless and utterly pointless .
but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
you have no affinity for most of the characters .
a lifetime movie about men .
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
how did it ever get made ?
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
phoned-in business as usual .
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .
it 's too bad nothing else is .
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
too much power , not enough puff .
the movie bounces all over the map .
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
extremely bad .
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
ecks this one off your must-see list .
frank mcklusky c.i . is that movie !
( a ) mess .
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time .
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . '
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know .
yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce .
lacks depth .
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
the film is strictly routine .
too silly to take seriously .
a sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes .
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
... a well-observed and disturbing little movie
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
it 's just merely very bad .
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
too bad none of it is funny .
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle .
the first fatal attraction was vile enough .
plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard .
like a can of 2-day old coke .
movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction .
an often unfunny romp .
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .
it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary .
not exactly the bees knees
reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
barely gets off the ground .
an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .
they cheapen the overall effect .
too much of the humor falls flat .
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
david spade as citizen kane ?
call this the full monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
entertainment more disposable than hanna-barbera 's half-hour cartoons ever were .
strictly middle of the road .
it 's still terrible !
a bravura exercise in emptiness .
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
crummy .
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
it 's all pretty tame .
the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
scorsese does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about .
a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor .
we just do n't really care too much about this love story .
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .
and that is where ararat went astray .
this is n't a new idea .
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless .
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work .
entertaining enough , but nothing new
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
shallow .
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
laughably , irredeemably awful .
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough .
just dreadful .
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit .
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold !
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .
if you do n't ... well , skip to another review .
been there done that .
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
they felt like the same movie to me .
wewannour money back , actually .
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin .
like these russo guys lookin ' for their mamet instead found their sturges .
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
is it a comedy ?
... watching it was painful .
a film that loses sight of its own story .
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
the real question this movie poses is not ` who ? '
wow , a jump cut !
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend .
still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .
you 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .
it 's an awfully derivative story .
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs .
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial .
underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough .
it 's one long bore .
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
it 's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell .
the central story lacks punch .
slap her - she 's not funny !
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .
a ragbag of cliches .
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .
lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
an awful snooze .
it 's like a drive-by .
the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch .
exactly what you 'd expect from a guy named kaos .
in a strange way , egoyan has done too much .
this is not a jackie chan movie .
enduring love but exhausting cinema .
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
i did n't smile .
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people .
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
meandering and confusing .
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
a well-crafted letdown .
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
oh come on .
ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn .
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
feral and uncomfortable .
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
a little objectivity could have gone a long way .
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
` this movie sucks . '
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
it 's all surface psychodramatics .
i tried to read the time on my watch .
impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes .
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .
a great idea becomes a not-great movie .
sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '
nevertheless , it still seems endless .
execrable .
eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring .
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong .
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling .
... has virtually no script at all ...
is `` ballistic `` worth the price of admission ?
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
aggravating and tedious .
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .
may puzzle his most ardent fans .
what we get ... is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons .
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .
like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
incoherence reigns .
dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .
this is no `` waterboy ! ``
it 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
it 's slow -- very , very slow .
` rare birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?
at times , it actually hurts to watch .
the movie is a mess from start to finish .
it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
no , it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch .
fluffy and disposible .
a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .
well-meaning but inert .
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
skillful as he is , mr. shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
what 's next : `` my mother the car ? ``
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention
average , at best , i 'm afraid .
smothered by its own solemnity .
it 's fitfully funny but never really takes off .
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
as an actor , the rock is aptly named .
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .
or some damn thing .
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film .
lawrence should stick to his day job .
frankly , it 's pretty stupid .
staggeringly dreadful romance .
`` an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . ``
nothing about them is attractive .
big fat waste of time .
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
a high-minded snoozer .
aan opportunity wasted .
oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven .
i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
... too sappy for its own good .
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff .
the stories here suffer from the chosen format .
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative .
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world .
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .
too predictably , in fact .
it is n't scary .
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
