`` on guard ! ``
impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .
moving and vibrant .
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
an enthralling , entertaining feature .
often hilarious .
a big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
it 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .
then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ...
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .
a solidly seaworthy chiller .
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
it 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .
malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain .
bourne , jason bourne .
a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
a perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie .
oh , and more entertaining , too .
it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
the movie is for fans who ca n't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it .
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good .
best indie of the year , so far .
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .
do you say `` hi `` to your lover when you wake up in the morning ?
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
a smart little indie .
it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
a fun ride .
uneven but a lot of fun .
it is quite a vision .
both deeply weird and charmingly dear .
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
a pleasant romantic comedy .
family fare .
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
nice piece of work .
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop .
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .
it 's a beautiful madness .
while the isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .
`` frailty `` has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ``
steve irwin 's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
lightweight but appealing .
cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !
majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .
a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . .
it 's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
you bet .
a comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .
the movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
`` sweet home alabama `` is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
as a vehicle to savour binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
the closest thing to the experience of space travel
though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
the film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !
huppert 's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face .
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
for a good chunk of its running time , trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .
exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .
leigh makes these lives count .
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
the best movie of its kind since ` brazil . '
gently humorous and touching .
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment .
ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center .
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
` a ' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy .
there 's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh 's three lead actresses .
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .
fortunately , you still have that option .
well-made but mush-hearted .
this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it 's hard to know what to praise first .
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .
deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
it 's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart .
and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
but when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .
it wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
works as pretty contagious fun .
a fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in japanese animation .
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony .
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .
there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
i just loved every minute of this film .
qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .
i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .
reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .
adam sandler !
observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout maelstrom .
a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
( howard ) so good as leon barlow ... that he hardly seems to be acting .
a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes .
the komediant is a tale worth catching .
what does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
remember it .
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
`` antwone fisher `` is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington .
a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .
an engaging overview of johnson 's eccentric career .
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned .
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
it 's funny .
this new time machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable .
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
murder by numbers ' is n't a great movie , but it 's a perfectly acceptable widget .
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
( woo 's ) most resonant film since the killer .
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
it 's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
smart and taut .
films are made of little moments .
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
it 's unnerving to see recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment .
it is there to give them a good time .
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
it 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
if you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x .
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
it is also , at times , curiously moving .
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
you 'll end up moved .
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
a dazzling dream of a documentary .
a film that will enthrall the whole family .
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
an uplifting drama ... what antwone fisher is n't , however , is original .
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd .
it represents better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience .
tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power .
that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions .
bluto blutarsky , we miss you .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing .
amazing !
there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay 's portrait of grief .
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
westfeldt and juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that 's both saucy and endearing .
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
intelligent and moving .
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative .
i ca n't .
it is a movie about passion .
so i just did .
it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
journalism of the 1960s .
i have n't laughed that hard in years !
simone is not a bad film .
oh , james !
if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .
it is also beautifully acted .
knows how to make our imagination wonder .
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .
the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .
a good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .
if you can stomach the rough content , it 's worth checking out for the performances alone .
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic .
poignant and funny .
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .
an enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids .
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember `` succeeds through sincerity .
the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .
an original little film about one young woman 's education .
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
serious and thoughtful .
its sheer dynamism is infectious .
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
what `` empire `` lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
charming , if overly complicated ...
the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances .
pray 's film works well and will appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism .
an extraordinary dramatic experience .
especially give credit to affleck .
sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary .
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment .
it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
go see it and enjoy .
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
never once predictable .
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson .
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .
... a true delight .
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer .
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it .
cho 's timing is priceless .
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs .
holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man !
the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness .
the next generation of mob movie .
this movie is a snow emergency .
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .
and i 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .
it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
- west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
sa da tay !
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
frank capra played this story straight .
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ?
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
it does give you a peek .
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
worse than ` silence of the lambs ' better than ` hannibal '
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
ah , what the hell .
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding .
a beautifully observed character piece .
the results , if not memorable , are at least interesting .
it is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
will no doubt delight plympton 's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .
it 's time to let your hair down -- greek style .
we have n't seen such hilarity since say it is n't so !
but it still jingles in the pocket .
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .
a little better than sorcerer 's stone .
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .
the biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
hilarious , acidic brit comedy .
the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .
richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez .
debate it .
the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch .
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson 's dahmer .
it 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .
it 's better than mid-range steven seagal , but not as sharp as jet li on rollerblades .
the cast comes through even when the movie does n't .
it 's like a poem .
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .
the film 's performances are thrilling .
so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .
what results is the best performance from either in years .
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich .
... there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .
secretary is just too original to be ignored .
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .
the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la
a flawed but engrossing thriller .
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat 's fat girl , rain is the far superior film .
hopkins .
foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling .
this is n't my favorite in the series , still i enjoyed it enough to recommend .
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
woody allen has really found his groove these days .
... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
consistently clever and suspenseful .
the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
there 's something about a marching band that gets me where i live .
it all adds up to good fun .
`` me without you `` is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film .
i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
girls gone wild and gone civil again
has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
a well-put-together piece of urban satire .
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
noyce has worked wonders with the material .
a giggle a minute .
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
slight but enjoyable documentary .
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
one of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .
a gripping , searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life .
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time .
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .
it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
a dreary indulgence .
it 's a movie -- and an album -- you wo n't want to miss .
when it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .
a gem of a movie .
an unflinching look at the world 's dispossessed .
a masterpiece four years in the making .
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
he 's super spy !
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
i had more fun with ben stiller 's zoolander , which i thought was rather clever .
we could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .
`` barbershop `` is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
i have a new favorite musical -- and i 'm not even a fan of the genre
that , in itself , is extraordinary .
rewarding .
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
please .
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
fans of behan 's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy .
morton is , as usual , brilliant .
not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
darkly funny and frequently insightful .
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
for the most part , the ingredients are there .
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
the result might look like vulgar .
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
the film 's essentially over by the meet-cute .
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half .
the film truly does rescue ( the funk brothers ) from motown 's shadows .
sorvino is delightful in the central role .
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
this one does .
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .
effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .
the ring never lets you off the hook .
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
the entire cast is extraordinarily good .
remarkably accessible and affecting .
he 's worked too hard on this movie .
light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
who is the audience for cletis tout ?
somewhat blurred , but kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .
this is really just another genre picture .
more than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .
an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
a compelling journey ... and `` his best friend remembers `` is up there with the finest of specials .
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
these people are really going to love the piano teacher .
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
people cinema at its finest .
formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .
what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o . hits all the verbal marks it should .
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready .
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles .
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .
a vivid cinematic portrait .
it 's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series .
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
great dragons !
i do n't even care that there 's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff .
let 's hope -- shall we ?
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .
quite funny for the type of movie it is ...
you do n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
( the cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .
funny but perilously slight .
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .
it 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !
... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
that storytelling has value can not be denied .
duvall is strong as always .
vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
so-so entertainment .
hardly a film that comes along every day .
eventually , it wins you over .
far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
good ol ' urban legend stuff .
eric byler 's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
( a ) smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
as teen movies go , `` orange county `` is a refreshing change
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .
cusack 's just brilliant in this .
it 's a quirky , off-beat project .
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
the film is full of charm .
( a ) satisfying niblet .
the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
mild , meandering teen flick .
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
the umpteenth summer skinny dip in jerry bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .
the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop
we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .
ca n't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers .
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 .
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery .
while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .
likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer .
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
almost .
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
there 's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .
she must have a very strong back .
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
( gayton 's script ) telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
yes .
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
he just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality .
bring on the sequel .
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
there 's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american .
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler .
like leon , it 's frustrating and still oddly likable .
a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom .
( a ) superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene 's 1955 novel .
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
has its charming quirks and its dull spots .
if you dig on david mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy !
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .
it 's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the marks family .
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
a captivating new film .
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .
what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment .
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
dense , exhilarating documentary .
the observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .
wise and deadpan humorous .
( a ) thoughtful , visually graceful work .
who are ` they ' ?
like mike is n't interested in recycling old cliches .
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .
quelle surprise !
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .
there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger .
a slight but sweet film .
woo 's fights have a distinct flair .
ken russell would love this .
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
... wise and elegiac ...
a surprisingly funny movie .
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .
a piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .
the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .
in his debut as a film director , denzel washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
the concept is a hoot .
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
the all-french cast is marveilleux .
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .
it 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .
s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance .
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
it 's not hateful .
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
but he somehow pulls it off .
a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it 's therapeutic to laugh along with them .
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...
uplifting , funny and wise .
poignant and delicately complex .
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
you wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .
we 're drawn in by the dark luster .
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
the hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
a delirious celebration of the female orgasm .
johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to .
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
if horses could fly , this is surely what they 'd look like .
but based on cq , i 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare .
it 's a very valuable film ...
it 's a masterpiece .
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
good-naturedly cornball sequel .
under 15 ?
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors .
manages to delight without much of a story .
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .
but they fascinate in their recklessness .
effective but too-tepid biopic
both lead performances are oscar-size .
long time dead ?
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .
movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of ` bold ' revelation .
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .
if you 're in the mood for a bollywood film , here 's one for you .
it 's not too fast and not too slow .
it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
the film 's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .
there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way .
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! )
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .
there are moments of hilarity to be had .
( ferrera ) has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
it 's about time .
you live the mood rather than savour the story .
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .
it 's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
flawed but worthy look at life in u.s. relocation camps .
though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking .
theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
while kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot .
a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama .
certainly .
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .
gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script .
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
spare yet audacious ...
bang !
daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film .
noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama .
certainly the performances are worthwhile .
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
i like this movie a lot .
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .
the movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
... generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .
a gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .
oops , she 's really done it this time .
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry .
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .
it is nature against progress .
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed .
but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi .
the element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it .
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .
b picture , and i mean that as a compliment .
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .
a small movie with a big impact .
hip-hop has a history , and it 's a metaphor for this love story .
a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
worth the effort to watch .
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .
chris columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .
- i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
it is a likable story , told with competence .
a winning and wildly fascinating work .
a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
would i see it again ?
wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
one of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory .
legendary irish writer brendan behan 's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard .
denis and co-writer michele petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .
griffiths proves she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
a quiet , disquieting triumph .
what 's next ?
lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else .
if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) .
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs ... brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse .
but it is entertaining on an inferior level .
mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .
i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
wobbly senegalese updating of `` carmen `` which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai
but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
... an inviting piece of film .
viva le resistance !
from blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge '
warm and exotic .
broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .
spare but quietly effective retelling .
if your taste runs to ` difficult ' films you absolutely ca n't miss it .
i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
no big hairy deal .
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .
it 's a cool event for the whole family .
cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent 's days
it 's a feature-length adaptation of one of those `` can this marriage be saved ? ``
i 'm afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief .
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
a true pleasure .
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .
handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .
i have two words to say about reign of fire .
parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .
his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
this is one of the year 's best films .
the next big thing 's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut .
some body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
` hey arnold ! '
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
a loving little film of considerable appeal .
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .
nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle .
i admired this work a lot .
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
a moving and important film .
( schweiger is ) talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks .
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
`` red dragon `` is entertaining .
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script .
the new guy does have a heart .
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
the movie sticks much closer to hornby 's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did .
a small movie with a big heart .
while this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying .
thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout .
rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation .
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
as happily glib and vicious as its characters .
it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
i liked this film a lot ...
good movie .
but you 'll definitely want the t-shirt .
hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares .
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
chomp chomp !
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .
... it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
yes , soar .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
the stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension .
an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
tailored to entertain !
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
( broomfield ) uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .
an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film ...
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
the filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...
highly irritating at first , mr. koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
` de niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
a genuine mind-bender .
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .
one from the heart .
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno .
reyes ' word processor .
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .
according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other .
this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
robin williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco 's last album ?
` easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .
with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .
the fast runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
about schmidt belongs to nicholson .
it 's definitely a step in the right direction .
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
it 's a fanboy ` what if ? '
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
... could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 .
it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .
there are n't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of georgian jews in tel aviv .
ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .
it will break your heart many times over .
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .
but it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .
only at the prospect of beck 's next project .
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. .
rare is the ` urban comedy ' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
this is the first film i 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved .
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .
hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .
when the violence actually shocked ?
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
a work of astonishing delicacy and force .
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify .
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed .
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .
`` juwanna mann ? ``
superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .
go for la salle 's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script .
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
yes , it 's as good as you remember .
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss .
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
you 'll know a star when you see one .
a tremendous piece of work .
the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven .
this is how you use special effects .
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
it 's exactly what you 'd expect .
several of steven soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .
an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter .
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
but it 's surprisingly harmless .
it treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter .
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
... a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war .
a well-acted movie that simply does n't gel .
maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
and for many of us , that 's good enough .
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
psychologically savvy .
a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .
only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .
... an interesting slice of history .
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran .
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
excellent acting and direction .
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view .
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
a weird and wonderful comedy .
anthony hopkins ?
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
( a ) strong piece of work .
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .
with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .
but mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .
more concerned with sade 's ideas than with his actions .
is it something any true film addict will want to check out ?
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .
an impeccable study in perversity .
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
great character interaction .
it 's a trifle .
had the film boasted a clearer , more memorable , the creepiness would have gotten under the skin .
despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .
an exhilarating experience .
a woman 's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
that works .
it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated .
( westbrook ) makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary .
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
genuinely touching because it 's realistic about all kinds of love .
quietly engaging .
a case in point : doug pray 's scratch .
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
provide ( s ) nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue .
a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .
visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
... a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man `` certainly delivers the goods .
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
you wo n't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .
it 's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it is n't .
what i saw , i enjoyed .
those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find what time is it there ?
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise .
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
the 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .
my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .
it 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
this scarlet 's letter is a. . .
attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage .
a sense of real magic , perhaps .
your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .
a tender , heartfelt family drama .
... only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .
yet the act is still charming here .
`` secretary `` is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal .
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura 's best work since the xfl .
a riveting story well told .
` what 's the russian word for wow ! ? '
... routine , harmless diversion and little else .
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
if you love him , you 'll like it .
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .
a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
chao was chen kaige 's assistant for years in china .
what 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
if borstal boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life .
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
a miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out
the pianist is polanski 's best film .
makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .
igby goes down is one of those movies .
brimful .
essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of aliens .
goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
jackson is always watchable .
proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs. sever .
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .
it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .
the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma .
every child 's story is what matters .
the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
surprisingly insightful
the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . '
a working class `` us vs. them `` opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered .
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
search it out .
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you 'll be glad you went along for the ride .
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you ca n't go home again .
weiss and speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes .
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .
it 's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood .
an impressive hybrid .
despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .
kinnear does n't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
the phone rings and a voice tells you you 've got seven days left to live .
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
wins my vote for ` the 2002 enemy of cinema ' award .
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .
even the digressions are funny .
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
my thoughts were focused on the characters .
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .
cool .
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
as it turns out , you can go home again .
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino .
the son 's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
who is this movie for ?
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !
nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror genre .
one of the best rock documentaries ever .
a mess , but it 's a sincere mess .
into scrooge .
exploits ( headbanger ) stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
you will likely prefer to keep on watching .
it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .
jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
as crimes go , writer-director michael kalesniko 's how to kill your neighbor 's dog is slight but unendurable .
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity ...
a marvel like none you 've seen .
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
that is because - damn it !
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .
i 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .
many of benjamins ' elements feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of miami vice .
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
the film is a fierce dance of destruction .
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia .
his work with actors is particularly impressive .
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
it 's never dull and always looks good .
i loved looking at this movie .
it 's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi .
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast .
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
a clever blend of fact and fiction .
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
or both .
as unseemly as its title suggests .
too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could 've been an impacting film .
much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo .
the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .
jaglom ... put ( s ) the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
hard to resist .
creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better .
the ending does leave you unfulfilled , but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece .
puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .
sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
a funny film .
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
a momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year .
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .
it 's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again .
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
some people want the ol ' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the ball and chain .
( drumline ) is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it does n't do .
life or something like it has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities .
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .
gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .
hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
the film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
it 's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru .
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
lucas , take notes .
at its worst , it 's rambo - meets-john ford .
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original .
every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone .
far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning .
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
classic cinema served up with heart and humor
a good thriller .
it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
a weird , arresting little ride .
the funny thing is , i did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .
a well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998 's whatever .
it 's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you 've seen the remake first .
while hoffman 's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire .
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout ?
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor .
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ...
murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
an impressive debut for first-time writer-director mark romanek , especially considering his background is in music video .
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story .
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .
one of the best of the year .
the minor figures surrounding ( bobby ) ... form a gritty urban mosaic .
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters .
cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .
... its stupidities wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits .
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
( barry ) gives assassin a disquieting authority .
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ``
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
a solidly entertaining little film .
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud .
bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
a deep and meaningful film .
what better message than ` love thyself ' could young women of any size receive ?
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
`` cremaster 3 `` should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! ``
scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot .
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
there has to be a few advantages to never growing old .
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
a wry , affectionate delight .
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade .
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco 's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .
a compelling film .
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
but the actors make this worth a peek .
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .
a charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .
amazingly dopey .
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .
it bites hard .
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .
the movie is a trove of delights .
good actress .
and how .
a slick , engrossing melodrama .
tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
more honest about alzheimer 's disease , i think , than iris .
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
it can be safely recommended as a video\/dvd babysitter .
the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .
noyce 's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho 's fans .
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .
lovely and amazing is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery ...
two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
interesting , but not compelling .
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ... ( and ) personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
light years \/ several warp speeds \/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection .
initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .
escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .
really dumb but occasionally really funny .
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
a melancholy , emotional film .
that 's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
but i do .
the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread .
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
an asian neo-realist treasure .
the camera twirls !
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
sparse but oddly compelling .
a modestly surprising movie .
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings .
( fessenden ) is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
meant for star wars fans .
zhang ... has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
only for young children , if them .
at least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .
message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ?
it 's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .
or for the year , for that matter .
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...
can you bear the laughter ?
a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .
the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock .
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .
what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
if you do n't flee , you might be seduced .
one of ( jaglom 's ) better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
but it does n't need gangs of new york .
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
same guy with both hats .
how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us .
rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding .
those who love cinema paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .
longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by philip glass .
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
an ambitious ` what if ? '
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .
falls short in explaining the music and its roots .
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
a french film with a more down-home flavor .
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
one of the smartest takes on singles culture i 've seen in a long time .
rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ?
much monkeyfun for all .
an intoxicating experience .
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .
sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology .
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .
passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless .
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
what would jesus do if he was a film director ?
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
sometimes shorter is better .
charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie .
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
visually striking and viscerally repellent .
but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
while surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .
just what makes us happy , anyway ?
the new guy is one of them .
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
oozes condescension from every pore .
a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .
tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .
the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge .
the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants .
presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
brave and sweetly rendered love story .
... a solid , unassuming drama .
we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again .
one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
cool ?
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .
count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
there 's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb .
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
it 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
go .
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .
it 's better than the phantom menace .
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
the movie is well crafted , and well executed .
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
invincible is a wonderful movie .
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .
`` men in black ii , `` has all the earmarks of a sequel .
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .
just how extreme are these ops ?
taken purely as an exercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore .
katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .
if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
a three-hour cinema master class .
it has fun being grown up .
i will be .
spiderman rocks
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
it 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
my little eye is the best little `` horror `` movie i 've seen in years .
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood .
silly , loud and goofy .
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .
while ( roman coppola ) scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...
that 's fun for kids of any age .
`` the mothman prophecies `` is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls .
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
if you 're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again .
a captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners .
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
the entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what 's available is lovely and lovable .
or a profit .
they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
an intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .
stephen earnhart 's homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays .
... a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original .
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
the film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ?
a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe .
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .
the performances are remarkable .
as a singular character study , it 's perfect .
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
this movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray .
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
while not quite `` shrek `` or `` monsters , inc. `` , it 's not too bad .
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
it 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides .
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
star wars is back in a major way .
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
`` i blame all men for war , `` ( the warden 's daughter ) tells her father .
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef .
a sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .
sturdy , entertaining period drama ... both caine and fraser have their moments .
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .
stevenson 's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination .
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
the year 's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
or intelligent .
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
a film of quiet power .
with freeman and judd , i 'll at least remember their characters .
as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .
near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
except it 's much , much better .
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
i liked it just enough .
a. . .
what 's next ?
reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .
mr. caine and mr. fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
daring and beautifully made .
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy .
in the process , they demonstrate that there 's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema .
if jews were catholics , this would be catechism
pretty good little movie .
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .
a startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in chinese society .
this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends .
you do n't want to call the cops .
thanks to ice cube , benjamins feels an awful lot like friday in miami .
a modest masterpiece .
an `` o bruin , where art thou ? ``
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
you 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules .
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .
exciting documentary .
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era 's creme de la celluloid .
... a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted .
it has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it 's over .
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
what time is it there ?
sexy and romantic .
the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .
anchored by friel and williams 's exceptional performances , the film 's power lies in its complexity .
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
all in all , a great party .
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
mildly amusing .
`` home movie `` is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .
it tells more than it shows .
though haynes ' style apes films from the period ... its message is not rooted in that decade .
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust .
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
a well-acted , but one-note film .
it 's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything .
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .
you 'll probably love it .
promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .
and it is .
escapism in its purest form .
like dickens with his passages , mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
, `` they 're out there ! ``
this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
compellingly watchable .
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
merchant effectively translates naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
`` sum `` is jack ryan 's `` do-over . ``
it is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
for the most part , director anne-sophie birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
a frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it 's a tougher picture than it is .
davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .
the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .
`` red dragon `` never cuts corners .
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
... a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying .
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .
`` not really as bad as you might think ! ``
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .
it 's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it 's brilliant .
their work is fantastic .
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '
the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting .
it 's sort of in-between , and it works .
too clever by about nine-tenths .
a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .
the gags are often a stitch .
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
writer\/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .
ranks among willams ' best screen work .
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .
norton is magnetic as graham .
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
what begins as a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .
... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
it 's still worth a look .
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .
delirious fun .
light , cute and forgettable .
the heat of the moment prevails .
for benigni it was n't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio .
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .
even better than the first one !
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced .
a thought-provoking picture .
in a word -- yes .
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
in both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .
a serious movie with serious ideas .
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '
an enjoyable above average summer diversion .
it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
( serry ) wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
a feature-length , r-rated , road-trip version of mama 's family .
if you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
a gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the iranian new wave .
discursive but oddly riveting documentary .
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short .
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
both damning and damned compelling .
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .
chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer .
much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .
director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .
make no mistake , ivans xtc .
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
does paint some memorable images ... , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
the performances are uniformly good .
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
bravado kathy !
the performances are an absolute joy .
very predictable but still entertaining
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
the actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst , we do indeed feel for them .
please see previous answer .
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
if steven soderbergh 's ` solaris ' is a failure it is a glorious failure .
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film .
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` lovely !
if the movie were all comedy , it might work better .
they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .
he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works .
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .
goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
( an ) absorbing documentary .
well before it 's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels .
if you like peace , you 'll like promises .
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .
makes s & m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight .
and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
my wife 's plotting is nothing special ; it 's the delivery that matters here .
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .
... an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should n't hurt talented young gaghan 's resume .
the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand .
this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
this is not a retread of `` dead poets ' society . ``
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .
it 's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice .
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they do n't really want to know .
the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound .
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
if you love motown music , you 'll love this documentary .
the long-range appeal of `` minority report `` should transcend any awards it bags .
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
it 's also , clearly , great fun .
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .
there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
we know the plot 's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .
it 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising .
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan .
once you get into its rhythm ... the movie becomes a heady experience .
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .
tim story 's not there yet - but ` barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .
a painfully funny ode to bad behavior .
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
this movie is to be cherished .
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
just watch bettany strut his stuff .
than ` magnifique ' .
the innocence of holiday cheer ai n't what it used to be .
what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music .
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold !
a tone poem of transgression .
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .
the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years .
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
it 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
has a solid emotional impact .
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
and yet , it still works .
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
it is now .
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
finally , the french-produced `` read my lips `` is a movie that understands characters must come first .
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts .
the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .
vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .
makes one thing abundantly clear .
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
troubling and powerful .
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
` they ' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i 'm still stunned .
... manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal .
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
formuliac , but fun .
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
an epic of grandeur and scale that 's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood .
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
it shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
... a solid , well-formed satire .
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
the film is one of the year 's best .
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it .
a very charming and funny movie .
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox 's work .
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
a wonderful character-based comedy .
gives everyone something to shout about .
a masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .
forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of friday-night excitement and milla power .
or tom green as han solo ?
john carlen 's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .
schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
a conventional but heartwarming tale .
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .
most new movies have a bright sheen .
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .
it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
the tenderness of the piece is still intact .
alternately frustrating and rewarding .
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
charlotte sometimes is a gem .
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
a lot smarter than your average bond .
it 's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .
funny , though .
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
britney 's performance can not be faulted .
writer\/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america .
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .
it 's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works .
fantastic !
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
is it a total success ?
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .
genuinely unnerving .
` alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
this movie got me grinning .
think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
now he makes them .
full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience .
this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
if you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .
are monsters born , or made ?
a glorious mess .
an intelligent , moving and invigorating film .
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
jones ... does offer a brutal form of charisma .
oh , it 's extreme , all right .
one of the year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
he has a great cast and a great idea .
ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life 's stasis .
even more baffling is that it 's funny .
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant .
you 'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold .
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist .
it 's always enthralling .
a romance ?
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic ...
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .
a stylish thriller .
well , they 're ` they ' .
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
... passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k . court house of life type of flick .
prepare to marvel again .
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
it 's astonishing .
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps .
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
since lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random e !
an uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the italian masterpiece .
though frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
but it 's worth the concentration .
never ( sinks ) into exploitation .
something for everyone .
a tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .
there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .
deliciously slow .
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
cold , nervy and memorable .
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
there is greatness here .
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
just bring on the battle bots , please !
a smart , witty follow-up .
it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .
an imaginative comedy\/thriller .
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
michael gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .
to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer .
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .
... a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet .
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .
maryam is more timely now than ever .
this is art paying homage to art .
an uplifting , largely bogus story .
kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .
more of a career curio than a major work .
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
performances are potent , and the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving .
all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto .
oddly compelling .
sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .
what kids will discover is a new collectible .
here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
director andrew niccol ... demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame .
but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan .
despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book .
did the film inform and educate me ?
see it for his performance if nothing else .
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
`` extreme ops `` exceeds expectations .
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well .
everything that 's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television .
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
a very pretty after-school special .
boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
leigh 's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .
gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .
it 's fun lite .
run , do n't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ...
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with .
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
this story still seems timely and important .
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
yep , it 's `` waking up in reno . ``
ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it .
worth a look as a curiosity .
twist open the ouzo !
what ` dumb and dumber ' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script .
moore 's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995 's safe .
freundlich 's made ( crudup ) a suburban architect , and a cipher .
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny !
ms. hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate .
even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate .
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle .
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens .
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .
delightfully rendered
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
at a brief 42 minutes , we need more x and less blab .
it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
the same should go for movie theaters .
it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .
it is up to you to decide if you need to see it .
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .
those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
an enjoyable experience .
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .
delight your senses and crash this wedding !
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .
yes , you are , ben kingsley .
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
you bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
feels untidily honest .
and that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
simply put , `` far from heaven `` is a masterpiece .
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler 's many talents .
this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers .
an offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
it 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .
it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
see it .
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .
pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
this is one of polanski 's best films .
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .
not a bad journey at all .
there 's a lot to recommend read my lips .
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .
oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise \*\*\* .
has its share of arresting images .
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot ...
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
film ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .
jagger the actor is someone you want to see again .
a good piece of work more often than not .
it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
( an ) hilarious romantic comedy .
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .
thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
the result is something quite fresh and delightful .
a potent allegorical love story .
is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .
some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick .
`` the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar ... ``
the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre .
a beautiful , entertaining two hours .
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .
an ambitious and moving but bleak film .
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .
a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
a delightful coming-of-age story .
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial .
she 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .
hatosy ... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions , love .
melodrama with a message .
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x .
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
although commentary on nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed .
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch `` a second look .
boy oh boy , it 's a howler .
`` punch-drunk love `` is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...
polished , well-structured film .
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
but fans of the show should not consider this a diss .
wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
a pleasing , often-funny comedy .
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
a worthy entry into a very difficult genre .
this version 's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful .
but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .
consider it ` perfection . '
a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .
like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .
if this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called beta alpha delta .
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .
a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy .
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
one of the funnier movies in town .
in its own floundering way , it gets to you .
` how many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
a smart , compelling drama .
it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem .
ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .
you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance .
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
here 's a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you .
it turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .
this is pure , exciting moviemaking .
highly engaging .
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .
( fincher 's ) camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .
the film 's greatest asset is how much it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .
but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
it 's that good .
everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .
a fascinating and fun film .
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .
is one of this year 's very best pictures .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .
renner ?
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .
the art demands live viewing .
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
one of the best , most understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career .
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
insightfully written , delicately performed
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .
michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
... with `` the bourne identity `` we return to the more traditional action genre .
harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories .
so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
a jewish ww ii doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience !
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
( allen ) manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .
a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .
as a science fiction movie , `` minority report `` astounds .
it 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
what is the filmmakers ' point ?
it 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .
familiar but utterly delightful .
a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney .
immediately .
( a ) devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
a warm , funny , engaging film .
entertains by providing good , lively company .
the film grows on you .
it 's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost .
i loved it !
there 's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to .
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
it 's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you 're more than six years old .
very well-written and very well-acted .
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
the film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .
the movie 's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow .
an exhilarating serving of movie fluff .
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .
this disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget .
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .
gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff .
matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both look and sound great .
`` birthday girl `` is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each interesting .
a comic gem with some serious sparkles .
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .
a quietly reflective and melancholy new zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl 's life .
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing .
thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
i prefer soderbergh 's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .
a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
there 's ... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .
few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness .
hey arnold !
it 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
new yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell ...
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
a gentle and engrossing character study .
holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
sleek and arty .
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .
trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .
fun and nimble .
at its best when the guarded , resentful betty and the manipulative yet needy margot are front and center .
... `` bowling for columbine `` remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
earnest but heavy-handed .
an enigmatic film that 's too clever for its own good , it 's a conundrum not worth solving .
the best film of the year 2002 .
the acting alone is worth the price of admission .
poetry in motion captured on film .
harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . '
... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
`` the best disney movie since the lion king ``
it 's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry .
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
the movie 's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
a worthwhile way to spend two hours .
even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
it 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat .
` yes , that 's right : it 's forrest gump , angel of death . '
comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
a true-blue delight .
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .
punitively affirmational parable .
but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ...
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .
it 's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .
enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd .
a lovely film for the holiday season .
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
hilariously inept and ridiculous .
a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .
enticing and often funny documentary .
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
bennett 's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that 's tough to shake .
bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .
a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america 's culture of fear .
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .
witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it 's dench who really steals the show .
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph .
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film .
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
good film , but very glum .
the talents of the actors helps `` moonlight mile `` rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing .
this is a very funny , heartwarming film .
the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross 's turn as ken .
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .
cube 's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche .
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley .
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless .
majidi 's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .
there 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable .
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
it 's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure .
a quiet , pure , elliptical film
a remarkable film by bernard rose .
innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good .
who knew ...
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows . '
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism .
not to mention absolutely refreshed .
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
a marvel of production design .
the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick .
a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .
it 's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
a creaky staircase gothic .
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .
it must be in the genes .
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
the film is powerful , accessible and funny .
has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best .
part three stooges .
my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney 's a good director .
this is a children 's film in the truest sense .
but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
a droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .
frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for .
witty , touching and well paced .
a joyous occasion
a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .
ferrara 's best film in years .
as green-guts monster movies go , it 's a beaut .
this is an interesting movie ! ``
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
... a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice 's second installment of her vampire chronicles .
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed .
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
no question .
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .
macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
all three women deliver remarkable performances .
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
an excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind .
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations ...
a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .
brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .
and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
as shaky as the plot is , kaufman 's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .
offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
it 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
a movie of riveting power and sadness .
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .
to the degree that ivans xtc .
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t .
both the crime story and the love story are unusual .
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
a drama ?
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
... blade ii is more enjoyable than the original .
the movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
however , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
maguire is a surprisingly effective peter\/spider-man .
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .
works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
it 's a sight to behold .
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
`` the quiet american `` begins in saigon in 1952 .
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
a classy , sprightly spin on film .
maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
gets better after foster leaves that little room .
a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master 's steady stroke .
chances are you wo n't , either .
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
i loved this film .
the lady and the duke is eric rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .
engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying .
mr. tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and what time is it there ?
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
the comedy makes social commentary more palatable .
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .
