exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo 's real strength .
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you ca n't go home again .
what we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
fun and nimble .
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .
a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
everything that 's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television .
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .
the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations .
sparse but oddly compelling .
while not quite `` shrek `` or `` monsters , inc. `` , it 's not too bad .
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .
` men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib , but recycles the same premise .
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
what 's worse is that pelosi knows it .
meandering and confusing .
the lower your expectations , the more you 'll enjoy it .
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .
even with its $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .
it 's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell .
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .
and how .
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready .
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise .
with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .
search it out .
even kids deserve better .
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
this u-boat does n't have a captain .
the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify .
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
showtime is closer to slowtime .
the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . '
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .
the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others ' affections .
comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
about schmidt belongs to nicholson .
do we really need the tiger beat version ?
more of a career curio than a major work .
it does n't work as either .
i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .
the actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst , we do indeed feel for them .
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
ms. hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate .
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .
go .
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop .
bourne , jason bourne .
some of it is clever , but it is never melodic \/
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated .
an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter .
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
it 's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again .
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
the ring never lets you off the hook .
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
or tom green as han solo ?
punitively affirmational parable .
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
please .
those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend `` , who needs enemies ?
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ``
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .
rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .
this is one of the year 's best films .
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .
... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like .
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
an intoxicating experience .
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .
a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master 's steady stroke .
while hoffman 's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .
but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
and a very rainy day .
parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .
bring on the sequel .
an imaginative comedy\/thriller .
rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation .
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
this time kaufman 's imagination has failed him .
and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch .
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
an instant candidate for worst movie of the year .
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
the story itself is actually quite vapid .
a modest masterpiece .
a sense of real magic , perhaps .
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
a cartoon ?
bad company .
this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .
a bravura exercise in emptiness .
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
it will break your heart many times over .
a late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .
it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories .
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class .
a conventional but heartwarming tale .
far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning .
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
should have been someone else -
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
... a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .
it bites hard .
just pound away .
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
i will be .
my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
an asian neo-realist treasure .
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .
a bit too eager to please .
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
- west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) .
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
an unflinching look at the world 's dispossessed .
serious and thoughtful .
a very pretty after-school special .
hey , who else needs a shower ?
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
in a strange way , egoyan has done too much .
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho 's fans .
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life .
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
it is n't scary .
it 's an awfully derivative story .
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
even better than the first one !
will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings .
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
( fincher 's ) camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
no surprises .
a picture as erratic as its central character .
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it 's therapeutic to laugh along with them .
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
i had more fun with ben stiller 's zoolander , which i thought was rather clever .
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
what 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
holden caulfield did it better .
dreary tale of middle-class angst
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
it is up to you to decide if you need to see it .
it 's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
the best movie of its kind since ` brazil . '
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
a compelling film .
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .
especially give credit to affleck .
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power .
... a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .
, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .
i spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations .
the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
a small movie with a big heart .
it is also beautifully acted .
comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
the result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring .
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
there 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .
-- was a fad that had long since vanished .
then lower them a bit more .
serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .
the long-range appeal of `` minority report `` should transcend any awards it bags .
some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent .
... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
an extraordinary dramatic experience .
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .
while ( roman coppola ) scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .
the filmmakers might want to look it up .
it 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .
more a gunfest than a rock concert .
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler 's many talents .
the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
what i saw , i enjoyed .
the film is full of charm .
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling .
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
has its share of arresting images .
the movie is n't always easy to look at .
its sheer dynamism is infectious .
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
a mild , reluctant , thumbs down .
an `` o bruin , where art thou ? ``
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
a potent allegorical love story .
i hated every minute of it .
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
it 's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works .
a thought-provoking picture .
windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .
the lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt .
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .
a mess , but it 's a sincere mess .
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .
there 's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .
it 's better than the phantom menace .
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
one of the worst films of 2002 .
you wo n't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him .
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be america 's sweetheart .
leigh makes these lives count .
illuminating if overly talky documentary .
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph .
it 's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
a disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting .
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
you might not buy the ideas .
more honest about alzheimer 's disease , i think , than iris .
george , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
not as good as the original , but what is ...
but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
it all adds up to good fun .
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
and when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .
a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .
it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time .
that 's pure pr hype .
a beautiful , entertaining two hours .
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle .
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
a loving little film of considerable appeal .
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
the minor figures surrounding ( bobby ) ... form a gritty urban mosaic .
i do n't think i laughed out loud once .
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
not so much farcical as sour .
each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
i have two words to say about reign of fire .
this movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again .
a perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie .
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .
it 's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you 're more than six years old .
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle .
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
there is greatness here .
good movie .
suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
debate it .
it 's just filler .
now , if it only had a brain .
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
it 's fitfully funny but never really takes off .
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .
a movie of riveting power and sadness .
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way .
it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
this is art paying homage to art .
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
oh , james !
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
these two are generating about as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poised to receive a un inspector .
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
oh come on .
it settles for being merely grim .
an enthralling , entertaining feature .
if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .
a comic gem with some serious sparkles .
in his debut as a film director , denzel washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
chao was chen kaige 's assistant for years in china .
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
thanks to ice cube , benjamins feels an awful lot like friday in miami .
the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .
it 's just incredibly dull .
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
... watching it was painful .
a tremendous piece of work .
it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .
the film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni 's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .
the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
not bad , but not all that good .
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .
a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
as shaky as the plot is , kaufman 's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .
it collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .
if your taste runs to ` difficult ' films you absolutely ca n't miss it .
entertains by providing good , lively company .
but it is entertaining on an inferior level .
a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
all that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .
a joyous occasion
a lifetime movie about men .
chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer .
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone .
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust .
it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade .
drowning 's too good for this sucker .
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold !
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
i 'd give real money to see the perpetrators of chicago torn apart by dingoes .
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
interesting , but not compelling .
feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .
there 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .
bluto blutarsky , we miss you .
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .
the umpteenth summer skinny dip in jerry bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
terminally brain dead production .
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .
mild , meandering teen flick .
it 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .
ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
it 's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
daring and beautifully made .
s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance .
too silly to take seriously .
a sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
once you get into its rhythm ... the movie becomes a heady experience .
new best friend 's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous .
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout .
... a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original .
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .
the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
no , i hate it .
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '
`` sweet home alabama `` is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
not even solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
in both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .
has all the depth of a wading pool .
part three stooges .
a lovely film for the holiday season .
what better message than ` love thyself ' could young women of any size receive ?
there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they 're not exactly flattering .
you 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .
somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional .
if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .
this is a truly , truly bad movie .
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
nothing but an episode of smackdown !
it 's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it 's brilliant .
i have a new favorite musical -- and i 'm not even a fan of the genre
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
a good thriller .
dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .
not to mention absolutely refreshed .
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .
would i see it again ?
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .
not a bad journey at all .
my wife 's plotting is nothing special ; it 's the delivery that matters here .
may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat 's fat girl , rain is the far superior film .
horrible .
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , ` swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling .
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate .
do n't say you were n't warned .
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
it 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat .
the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .
a very bad sign .
in a word -- yes .
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
... they missed the boat .
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
flawed , but worth seeing for ambrose 's performance .
holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .
a listless and desultory affair .
it 's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart .
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror genre .
if you 're not the target demographic ... this movie is one long chick-flick slog .
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia .
extremely boring .
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
at once half-baked and overheated .
an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
aggravating and tedious .
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .
this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
the movie 's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach .
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
too close to phantom menace for comfort .
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
it 's not an easy one to review .
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .
bravado kathy !
it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
`` ( hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
fancy a real downer ?
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
mildly entertaining .
what an embarrassment .
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
the camera twirls !
a muted freak-out
feels less like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
and neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
what kids will discover is a new collectible .
lucas , take notes .
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
the funny thing is , i did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .
director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
... a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers .
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half .
an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .
the film is one of the year 's best .
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .
manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ?
a timid , soggy near miss .
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
( sen 's ) soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .
so verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-tv movie .
drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the - past numbness .
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .
the mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '
griffiths proves she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .
` dragonfly ' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
it is nature against progress .
it 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .
but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .
as teen movies go , `` orange county `` is a refreshing change
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer .
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
as green-guts monster movies go , it 's a beaut .
it represents better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience .
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
it 's not too much of anything .
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
it has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it 's over .
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
this is a film living far too much in its own head .
... manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal .
this version 's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful .
something must have been lost in the translation .
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .
it 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf .
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
i loved looking at this movie .
attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage .
he 's worked too hard on this movie .
although commentary on nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .
banal and predictable .
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
while this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying .
and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .
the movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
godawful boring slug of a movie .
stephen earnhart 's homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .
it 's a trifle .
a jewish ww ii doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience !
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .
and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
the movie bounces all over the map .
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
jacquot 's rendering of puccini 's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera .
well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
some movies blend together as they become distant memories .
ca n't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers .
weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .
delight your senses and crash this wedding !
more concerned with sade 's ideas than with his actions .
some people want the ol ' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the ball and chain .
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
well , it 's not as pathetic as the animal .
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america .
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
the romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
but buying into sham truths and routine `` indie `` filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie .
a startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in chinese society .
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed .
this is one of polanski 's best films .
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .
an awful snooze .
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .
an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
what 's next ?
co-writer\/director jonathan parker 's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
there 's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong .
both deeply weird and charmingly dear .
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
the story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
journalism of the 1960s .
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .
the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .
it is a likable story , told with competence .
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .
labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
fortunately , you still have that option .
but i was n't .
thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .
visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .
works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
a graceless , witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller .
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .
it 's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you 've seen the remake first .
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy ...
it delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning .
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome .
washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .
the film has a childlike quality about it .
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .
for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
under-rehearsed and lifeless
there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way .
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
if jews were catholics , this would be catechism
it 's also stupider .
a feeble tootsie knockoff .
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
majidi 's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .
it is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .
i still want my money back .
a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
( allen ) manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
so what is the point ?
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
i admit it , i hate to like it .
rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
there 's not enough to sustain the comedy .
cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .
qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .
the results , if not memorable , are at least interesting .
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ...
those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
the acting is n't much better .
do n't waste your money .
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
a modestly surprising movie .
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
a droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .
action - mechanical .
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .
run for your lives !
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
sexy and romantic .
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary .
it 's a beautiful madness .
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie 's power as a work of drama .
you could hate it for the same reason .
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .
but then again , i hate myself most mornings .
a little better than sorcerer 's stone .
it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find what time is it there ?
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .
a selection of scenes in search of a movie .
scene-by-scene , things happen , but you 'd be hard-pressed to say what or why .
the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
will no doubt delight plympton 's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .
polished , well-structured film .
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
it treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
beware the quirky brit-com .
( a ) thoughtful , visually graceful work .
when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters .
a captivating new film .
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ...
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .
this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends .
still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
maguire is a surprisingly effective peter\/spider-man .
no question .
i liked it just enough .
this one does .
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
it 's like a poem .
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
the ending is a cop-out .
resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
in other words , it 's badder than bad .
much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .
majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .
insomnia is involving .
grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .
a french film with a more down-home flavor .
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
columns from ladies home journal ...
bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
troubling and powerful .
davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .
it is a movie about passion .
works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
is it a total success ?
bad and baffling from the get-go .
the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick .
i do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool .
but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
now i can see why people thought i was too hard on `` the mothman prophecies `` .
another rent installment for the ian fleming estate .
alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
meanders between its powerful moments .
if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .
light years \/ several warp speeds \/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection .
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version .
how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us .
a movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action tv series .
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
the tenderness of the piece is still intact .
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .
effective but too-tepid biopic
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source .
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos .
the central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
the christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
it 's painful .
portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama .
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .
a charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap .
a monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it .
the movie is a mess from start to finish .
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
this movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point .
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .
there 's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american .
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
flat , misguided comedy .
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .
the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .
a fascinating and fun film .
good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .
every joke is repeated at least four times .
insightfully written , delicately performed
it 's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
... a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture .
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film .
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .
i hate this movie
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
than ` magnifique ' .
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .
... there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
just plain silly .
a good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .
like dickens with his passages , mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
it 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .
one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
a melancholy , emotional film .
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
she 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .
( an ) hilarious romantic comedy .
( howard ) so good as leon barlow ... that he hardly seems to be acting .
sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .
but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
that , in itself , is extraordinary .
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .
the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
wishy-washy .
it 's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
with its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , the ring makes its stupidity more than obvious .
you 've seen them a million times .
the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather .
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
a pleasing , often-funny comedy .
it 's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru .
a feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
a marvel of production design .
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?
highly engaging .
but something seems to be missing .
does n't add up to much .
with a confrontational stance , todd solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .
just bring on the battle bots , please !
the film 's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .
although the editing might have been tighter , hush !
the people in abc africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .
as crimes go , writer-director michael kalesniko 's how to kill your neighbor 's dog is slight but unendurable .
a wonderful character-based comedy .
oh , it 's extreme , all right .
had the film boasted a clearer , more memorable , the creepiness would have gotten under the skin .
it 's all pretty tame .
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much .
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
knows how to make our imagination wonder .
i 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .
seems like someone going through the motions .
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold !
weiss and speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes .
with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .
( a ) rather thinly-conceived movie .
that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
` linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
a well-acted , but one-note film .
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
a very charming and funny movie .
choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy .
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .
a chiller resolutely without chills .
the movie is well crafted , and well executed .
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
francophiles will snicker knowingly and you 'll want to slap them .
( woo 's ) most resonant film since the killer .
it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
at the bottom rung of the series ' entries .
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .
the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
see it .
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
moore 's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995 's safe .
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
psychologically savvy .
a funny film .
in the process , they demonstrate that there 's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema .
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
... blade ii is more enjoyable than the original .
whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .
remarkably accessible and affecting .
it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .
has its charming quirks and its dull spots .
it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
i wonder why .
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
a well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
it 's quite diverting nonsense .
it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
it 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
there 's not much to fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but that 's ok .
enough said , except : film overboard !
for benigni it was n't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio .
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob 's excellent adventure seem understated .
officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
excellent acting and direction .
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
the movie is a dud .
his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
a subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; the pianist does not .
it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
barely .
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .
hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film .
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .
even die-hard fans of japanese animation ... will find this one a challenge .
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
if you 're in the mood for a bollywood film , here 's one for you .
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
at its best ... festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes .
the film 's essentially over by the meet-cute .
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
or both .
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .
it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .
the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .
mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
ararat feels like a book report
over age 15 ?
falls short in explaining the music and its roots .
light , cute and forgettable .
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .
the characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures .
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
jackson is always watchable .
it 's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly wo n't win any honors .
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
absolutely not .
the movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
now it 's just tired .
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
predictably melodramatic .
lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else .
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .
a smart , compelling drama .
a captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners .
there 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
but here 's the real damn : it is n't funny , either .
yet another genre exercise , gangster no . 1 is as generic as its title .
delightfully rendered
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat .
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
it 's definitely a step in the right direction .
a solidly seaworthy chiller .
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
it did n't go straight to video .
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .
an extremely unpleasant film .
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .
the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
the komediant is a tale worth catching .
one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary .
... routine , harmless diversion and little else .
when it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire .
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
scotland , pa. is a strangely drab romp .
it 's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center .
at least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .
it 's a cool event for the whole family .
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
but it does n't need gangs of new york .
like a poor man 's you can count on me
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
this film biggest problem ?
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
eh .
charlotte sometimes is a gem .
... surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .
passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes .
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .
it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just does n't make the cut .
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
film ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .
make chan 's action sequences boring .
he 's not good with people .
this is it .
boring we did n't .
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r & b names and references .
is one of this year 's very best pictures .
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying .
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
igby goes down is one of those movies .
broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it .
a surprisingly funny movie .
an often unfunny romp .
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder .
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .
go see it and enjoy .
though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking .
an enigmatic film that 's too clever for its own good , it 's a conundrum not worth solving .
if only it had the story to match .
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff .
it might as well have been problem child iv .
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .
frank capra played this story straight .
... an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal 's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs .
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
a gentle and engrossing character study .
it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .
a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe .
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .
it 's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure .
melodrama with a message .
cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .
while the isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
cynics need not apply . '
this is no `` waterboy ! ``
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
a dreary movie .
there 's no emotional pulse to solaris .
it 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
it would have benefitted the dialogue .
there 's something about a marching band that gets me where i live .
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ``
in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
what is the filmmakers ' point ?
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
it 's not hateful .
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .
a sudsy cautionary tale .
and that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment .
a worthy entry into a very difficult genre .
a great script brought down by lousy direction .
ihops do n't pile on this much syrup .
the hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
it 's a masterpiece .
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .
but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .
a vivid cinematic portrait .
no . .
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
both lead performances are oscar-size .
a dreary rip-off of goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for hispanic americans .
the documentary does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation .
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it .
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
the film grows on you .
it 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .
the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .
lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch .
as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
the premise itself is just sooooo tired .
a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience .
i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers .
... a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
sleek and arty .
too bad none of it is funny .
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura 's best work since the xfl .
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
a true-blue delight .
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .
socrates motions for hemlock .
if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
with freeman and judd , i 'll at least remember their characters .
every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .
while super troopers is above academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling .
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
almost everything else is wan .
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
an exhilarating experience .
this disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget .
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it 's more like entertainment for trolls .
suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .
great story , bad idea for a movie .
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive .
those who love cinema paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .
here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita .
as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music .
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .
even more baffling is that it 's funny .
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against ... well , just stuff .
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
a ragbag of cliches .
the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock .
most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .
dense and enigmatic ... elusive ... stagy and stilted
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
it does n't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality .
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .
suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
... would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges .
very well-written and very well-acted .
forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of friday-night excitement and milla power .
it shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
`` barbershop `` is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
it 's better than mid-range steven seagal , but not as sharp as jet li on rollerblades .
... its stupidities wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits .
the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .
... unbearably lame .
an ambitious ` what if ? '
yes , you are , ben kingsley .
maudlin and melodramatic we expected .
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .
a fun ride .
ill-considered , unholy hokum .
the performances are an absolute joy .
there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay 's portrait of grief .
... with `` the bourne identity `` we return to the more traditional action genre .
`` extreme ops `` exceeds expectations .
has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
see it for his performance if nothing else .
anyone who can count to five ( the film 's target market ? )
or else a doggie winks .
sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
alas , it 's neither .
a. . .
wobbly senegalese updating of `` carmen `` which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai
if you love motown music , you 'll love this documentary .
... hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ?
it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
, `` they 're out there ! ``
just not campy enough
without any redeeming value whatsoever .
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .
woo 's fights have a distinct flair .
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
it 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
big fat waste of time .
cinematic poo .
it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .
it 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
two-bit potboiler .
much monkeyfun for all .
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .
the heat of the moment prevails .
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it .
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car .
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood .
empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
as it turns out , you can go home again .
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer .
or a profit .
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
bang !
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
i also believe that resident evil is not it .
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent 's days
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
`` home movie `` is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
what we get ... is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons .
it took 19 predecessors to get this ?
my little eye is the best little `` horror `` movie i 've seen in years .
see it now , before the inevitable hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .
just watch bettany strut his stuff .
... a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .
let 's hope -- shall we ?
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo .
stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of ghost and close encounters of the third kind .
( westbrook ) makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry .
taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! )
darkly funny and frequently insightful .
suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
you bet .
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
too often , the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings .
they felt like the same movie to me .
it 's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punch-drunk love .
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't .
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ?
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
when your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
( serry ) wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .
funny , though .
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
pompous and garbled .
`` sum `` is jack ryan 's `` do-over . ``
a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .
this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it 's a tad slow .
at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
`` not really as bad as you might think ! ``
any rock pile will do for a set .
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
an absurdist spider web .
bland but harmless .
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
long time dead ?
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
( broomfield ) uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .
it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .
it may even fall into the category of films you love to hate .
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing .
watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives .
first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film .
a worthwhile way to spend two hours .
`` red dragon `` never cuts corners .
its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .
tom green just gives them a bad odor .
it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
you 'll end up moved .
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
triumph of love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree .
he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
simply put , `` far from heaven `` is a masterpiece .
though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
the art demands live viewing .
i have n't laughed that hard in years !
why ?
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
a quiet , pure , elliptical film
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
this thing is just garbage .
wewannour money back , actually .
freundlich 's made ( crudup ) a suburban architect , and a cipher .
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .
little more than a frothy vanity project .
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
brown 's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it 's dench who really steals the show .
enigma lacks it .
i had to look away - this was god awful .
while surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .
grating and tedious .
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
wins my vote for ` the 2002 enemy of cinema ' award .
narc is all menace and atmosphere .
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
one of the funnier movies in town .
not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed .
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
the movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
almost gags on its own gore .
it 's like a drive-by .
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
it 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
we just do n't really care too much about this love story .
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .
is `` ballistic `` worth the price of admission ?
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story .
a quiet , disquieting triumph .
an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?
this movie got me grinning .
it 's just not very smart .
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network .
cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed .
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .
clever but not especially compelling .
what happened with pluto nash ?
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .
the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .
basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars .
eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath .
`` red dragon `` is entertaining .
simone is not a bad film .
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer .
as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
ferrara 's best film in years .
a solidly entertaining little film .
there 's ... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .
feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
lookin ' for sin , american-style ?
sad nonsense , this .
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .
macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs ... brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .
stress ` dumb . '
what results is the best performance from either in years .
yep , it 's `` waking up in reno . ``
so-so entertainment .
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
zhang ... has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
... `` bowling for columbine `` remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
if you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .
there is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
witty , touching and well paced .
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
madonna still ca n't act a lick .
just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story .
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
sometimes , that 's enough .
( tries ) to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the united states .
worthy of the gong .
it 's been 20 years since 48 hrs .
a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
nothing about them is attractive .
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it .
great dragons !
this new time machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable .
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america 's culture of fear .
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
cool .
the pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film ca n't help but go soft and stinky .
good ol ' urban legend stuff .
it 's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie .
innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good .
it 's haunting .
the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . ``
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
life or something like it has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities .
plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
too much of the humor falls flat .
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero .
the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .
stale , futile scenario .
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
wait for pay per view or rental but do n't dismiss barbershop out of hand .
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence .
the film can depress you about life itself .
what ` dumb and dumber ' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script .
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
as an actor , the rock is aptly named .
you live the mood rather than savour the story .
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
it all drags on so interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .
he has a great cast and a great idea .
you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .
it 's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
feels untidily honest .
fantastic !
he 's super spy !
an unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse .
the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .
the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .
spare but quietly effective retelling .
a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable .
but , no , we get another scene , and then another .
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
they cheapen the overall effect .
it 's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice .
that is because - damn it !
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud .
nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations ...
`` me without you `` is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
alternately frustrating and rewarding .
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls .
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .
it 's time to let your hair down -- greek style .
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
legendary irish writer brendan behan 's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
lovely and amazing is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .
a painfully funny ode to bad behavior .
but mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .
any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes .
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
cold , nervy and memorable .
`` antwone fisher `` is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington .
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .
binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles .
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .
a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
one of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .
their work is fantastic .
he just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality .
jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .
`` the mothman prophecies `` is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls .
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson 's dahmer .
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
if you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x .
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ``
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .
` enigma ' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
it is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
rather , you 'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .
excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .
a smart , witty follow-up .
but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .
many of benjamins ' elements feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of miami vice .
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .
this sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
shrewd but pointless .
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
an ugly , revolting movie .
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
an exhilarating serving of movie fluff .
only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
the all-french cast is marveilleux .
the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
one of the best of the year .
you 'll probably love it .
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan .
the best film of the year 2002 .
all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
the stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension .
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco 's last album ?
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
the story ... is moldy and obvious .
this scarlet 's letter is a. . .
lazily directed by charles stone iii ... from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
the movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark .
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .
quelle surprise !
ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive .
a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to .
from blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge '
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x .
but it would be better to wait for the video .
the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology .
the results are far more alienating than involving .
this is a children 's film in the truest sense .
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .
the film is really not so much bad as bland .
it 's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks .
exciting documentary .
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .
it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
hilarious , acidic brit comedy .
unwieldy contraption .
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss .
one of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory .
holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man !
like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .
should have gone straight to video .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
a decidedly mixed bag .
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
the next generation of mob movie .
this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it 's hard to know what to praise first .
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman 's lesser works .
the film 's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .
it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .
at a brief 42 minutes , we need more x and less blab .
handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it .
lurid and less than lucid work .
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .
he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .
a glorious mess .
no . .
bearable .
but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
secretary is just too original to be ignored .
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge .
the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .
make no mistake , ivans xtc .
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .
the characters never change .
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
here 's a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you .
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
a winning and wildly fascinating work .
it 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .
this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers .
dramatically lackluster .
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .
the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .
too simple for its own good .
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
but they fascinate in their recklessness .
i admired this work a lot .
a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .
hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it 's heading .
though frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
crummy .
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
if only merchant paid more attention the story .
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
it 's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt .
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
it arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .
` what 's the russian word for wow ! ? '
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .
kinnear does n't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
the screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture .
quite funny for the type of movie it is ...
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .
a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
besides , real movie producers are n't this nice .
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice 's complex akasha into a cartoon monster .
the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts .
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script .
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
but the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
... has virtually no script at all ...
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan .
this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
a miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .
` hey arnold ! '
a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal .
nor is it a romantic comedy .
this is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
but , for that , why not watch a documentary ?
it sucked .
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .
it 's a feature-length adaptation of one of those `` can this marriage be saved ? ``
do n't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it 's anti-catholic .
lacks dramatic punch and depth .
the son 's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough .
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
... could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 .
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
black-and-white and unrealistic .
is n't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
it is now .
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .
a big fat pain .
a really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .
nevertheless , it still seems endless .
chomp chomp !
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
you 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) .
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie .
... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
you 're better off staying home and watching the x-files .
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
scenario that will give most parents pause ... then , something terrible happens .
rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ?
chances are you wo n't , either .
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .
the gags are often a stitch .
it 's too bad nothing else is .
denzel washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has .
even when crush departs from the 4w formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .
shallow , noisy and pretentious .
b picture , and i mean that as a compliment .
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre .
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
the only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
leave these flowers unpicked -- they 're dead on the vine .
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .
these people are really going to love the piano teacher .
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .
entertaining enough , but nothing new
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect .
one lousy movie .
fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored .
you 've already seen heartbreak if you 've watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard .
well , they 're ` they ' .
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
hopkins .
if this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called beta alpha delta .
it 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
i 'm afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief .
show me the mugging .
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
it 's sort of in-between , and it works .
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
this is her blue lagoon .
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
the entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what 's available is lovely and lovable .
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .
fulfills the minimum requirement of disney animation .
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
familiar but utterly delightful .
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying .
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original .
an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
it 's a film that hinges on its casting , and glover really does n't fit the part .
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .
there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes .
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
it 's also , clearly , great fun .
safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull 's - eye .
challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative .
a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .
technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch .
the observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .
a complete waste of time .
a tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
it is there to give them a good time .
a sour , nasty offering .
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
it 's fun lite .
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .
immediately .
the movie 's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
a full-frontal attack on audience patience .
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film .
the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years .
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .
you know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ?
boy oh boy , it 's a howler .
sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution .
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
hey arnold !
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo .
choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny !
since lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random e !
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .
( a ) slummer .
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens .
disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
late marriage 's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u.s. viewers off their feet .
sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well .
a marvel like none you 've seen .
the film 's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
wait to see it then .
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction .
uneven but a lot of fun .
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember `` succeeds through sincerity .
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .
it 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
ken russell would love this .
it 's a sight to behold .
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .
it 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes .
( newton ) wanders through charlie completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality .
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
so here it is : it 's about a family of sour immortals .
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .
` de niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could 've been an impacting film .
unless you are in dire need of a diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it .
you 'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold .
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
the film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
it 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .
good actress .
the impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but the results are uneven .
it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic .
a work of astonishing delicacy and force .
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .
pretty good little movie .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
it 's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .
the problem with `` xxx `` is that its own action is n't very effective .
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .
if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
the cold turkey would 've been a far better title .
the element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it .
gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino .
eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring .
this is a very funny , heartwarming film .
it 's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it .
i just loved every minute of this film .
does paint some memorable images ... , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
a case in point : doug pray 's scratch .
worth the effort to watch .
press the delete key .
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself .
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
... del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud .
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story .
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
... a bland , pretentious mess .
it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . ``
there ai n't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious .
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist .
uneasy mishmash of styles and genres .
as a singular character study , it 's perfect .
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
but even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
without ( de niro ) , city by the sea would slip under the waves .
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
alas , another breathless movie about same !
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ``
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
goes on and on to the point of nausea .
frenetic but not really funny .
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .
the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era .
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
an exit sign , that is .
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler .
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy 's intrepid hero ?
but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
sturdy , entertaining period drama ... both caine and fraser have their moments .
john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .
a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas .
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism .
charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie .
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
one of ( jaglom 's ) better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
a mess .
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
noyce 's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .
still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller .
sadly , hewitt 's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks .
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
a remarkable film by bernard rose .
it 's always enthralling .
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low .
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business .
` a ' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy .
extremely bad .
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna .
i liked this film a lot ...
a sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes .
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .
or , you can do something fun tonight .
a `` black austin powers ? ``
a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .
michael gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
good film , but very glum .
most of the action setups are incoherent .
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it 's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
great character interaction .
- i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
yet the act is still charming here .
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
a quietly reflective and melancholy new zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl 's life .
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
eric byler 's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood .
the 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .
the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear .
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
cusack 's just brilliant in this .
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot ...
i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .
the film is a fierce dance of destruction .
well-nigh unendurable ... though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .
too slow , too long and too little happens .
really dumb but occasionally really funny .
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
norton holds the film together .
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
films are made of little moments .
same guy with both hats .
how about surprising us by trying something new ?
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .
one of the smartest takes on singles culture i 've seen in a long time .
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .
there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .
but the actors make this worth a peek .
barely gets off the ground .
it 's jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .
the film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ?
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
denis and co-writer michele petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 .
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
there 's no energy .
i spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
a comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .
consider it ` perfection . '
a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .
a waste of good performances .
quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?
too clever by about nine-tenths .
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
this is not a jackie chan movie .
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .
sweet home alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films .
family fare .
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
you bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
a big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger .
a piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .
an intelligent , moving and invigorating film .
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made .
( a ) strong piece of work .
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
this franchise has not spawned a single good film .
every note rings false .
an impressive hybrid .
bennett 's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that 's tough to shake .
it 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .
a relative letdown .
prepare to marvel again .
if steven soderbergh 's ` solaris ' is a failure it is a glorious failure .
he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
two hours of junk .
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
chris columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .
the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense .
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
it 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
witless and utterly pointless .
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
there 's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent .
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
a coarse and stupid gross-out .
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .
there are n't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of georgian jews in tel aviv .
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
it 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .
a mixed bag of a comedy that ca n't really be described as out of this world .
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
the new guy does have a heart .
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .
what `` empire `` lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
the movie 's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .
obvious .
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
... generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .
if you can stomach the rough content , it 's worth checking out for the performances alone .
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .
run , do n't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .
a little objectivity could have gone a long way .
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
jaglom ... put ( s ) the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
... wise and elegiac ...
as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .
far away .
a tender , heartfelt family drama .
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film
scotland , pa. blurs the line between black comedy and black hole .
odd and weird .
a slight but sweet film .
never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful .
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...
utter mush ... conceited pap .
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .
it 's exactly what you 'd expect .
earnest but heavy-handed .
best indie of the year , so far .
their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
b . ) that sure is pathetic !
but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse .
but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .
chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .
( e ) ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
poetry in motion captured on film .
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
hate it because it 's lousy .
it will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary .
genuinely touching because it 's realistic about all kinds of love .
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .
morton is , as usual , brilliant .
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
my thoughts were focused on the characters .
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .
nair does n't use ( monsoon wedding ) to lament the loss of culture .
explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .
a beautifully observed character piece .
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man .
an enjoyable above average summer diversion .
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .
escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .
it 's astonishing .
a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
deliciously slow .
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .
wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
you see robin williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .
collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \/ 11 , an antique , in the end .
silly , loud and goofy .
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
spiderman rocks
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
almost .
what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .
it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .
collapses under its own meager weight .
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
but i do .
succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series .
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film .
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
truly terrible .
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
not a strike against yang 's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ?
... although this idea is `` new `` the results are tired .
it 's a scathing portrayal .
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to .
it 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .
a well-crafted letdown .
count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .
high on melodrama .
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .
the filmmakers lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor .
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .
the closest thing to the experience of space travel
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la
... passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k . court house of life type of flick .
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen .
a humorless journey into a philosophical void .
then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ...
it 's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi .
his work with actors is particularly impressive .
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .
rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
eerily accurate depiction of depression .
but it could have been worse .
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .
an uplifting drama ... what antwone fisher is n't , however , is original .
is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .
formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
all in all , a great party .
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
it 's unnerving to see recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment .
the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
i 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
do n't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches ...
a pleasant romantic comedy .
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters .
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
disjointed parody .
... a true delight .
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
it 's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .
but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . . .
a turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull .
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .
a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics .
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .
what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .
if you dig on david mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy !
lightweight but appealing .
... an inviting piece of film .
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .
now he makes them .
it 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
just plain bad .
gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
very bad .
but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck 's film from coming together .
yes .
only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony .
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding .
duvall is strong as always .
... the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes `` what time is it there ? ``
the talents of the actors helps `` moonlight mile `` rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing .
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven .
an offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .
certainly the performances are worthwhile .
is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation .
fans of behan 's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy .
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie .
that 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . ``
what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears ' first movie .
this movie is to be cherished .
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
jagger the actor is someone you want to see again .
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn .
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
a drama ?
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
or for the year , for that matter .
we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem .
not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher .
after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
obstacles are too easily overcome and there is n't much in the way of character development in the script .
watching haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
meant for star wars fans .
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
a sentimental mess that never rings true .
we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
it 's just plain boring .
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .
it is also , at times , curiously moving .
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
i did n't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .
the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
... irritating soul-searching garbage .
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .
a deep and meaningful film .
long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
the problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence .
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
an empty , purposeless exercise .
i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
a lot smarter than your average bond .
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
what eric schaeffer has accomplished with never again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary .
but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
even the digressions are funny .
its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief .
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you 'd expect .
first good , then bothersome .
a flawed but engrossing thriller .
secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .
it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
there has to be a few advantages to never growing old .
serving sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
you can see where big bad love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there .
is it something any true film addict will want to check out ?
nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
tennessee williams by way of oprah 's book club .
the film is all over the place , really .
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity ...
it 's about time .
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you 'll be glad you went along for the ride .
it 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .
one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
um , no . .
well before it 's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels .
but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time .
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
one of the best rock documentaries ever .
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .
only at the prospect of beck 's next project .
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .
`` the best disney movie since the lion king ``
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
abysmally pathetic
when the violence actually shocked ?
... nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .
i have n't seen one in so long , no wonder i did n't recognize it at first .
just a bloody mess .
we know the plot 's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
if you like peace , you 'll like promises .
... a solid , unassuming drama .
into scrooge .
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
it never is , not fully .
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama .
schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
the film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending .
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
the movie is a desperate miscalculation .
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
it turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
a processed comedy chop suey .
lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
the movie makes absolutely no sense .
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .
uplifting , funny and wise .
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba .
one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
a masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .
maybe leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ``
matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for .
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
it 's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .
brimful .
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance .
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
works as pretty contagious fun .
observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout maelstrom .
the film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .
ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features .
despite its title , amy 's orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one .
it 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
it 's that good .
it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .
a smart little indie .
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good .
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
idiotic and ugly .
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
but no . .
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
people cinema at its finest .
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .
schindler 's list it ai n't .
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
a cockeyed shot all the way .
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough .
taken purely as an exercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore .
calculated swill .
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
no way i can believe this load of junk .
a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .
god is great , the movie 's not .
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .
ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh 's three lead actresses .
no thanks .
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
one of those so-so films that could have been much better .
who is the audience for cletis tout ?
if only it were , well , funnier .
only for young children , if them .
if you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .
it 's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another .
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
the name says it all .
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
anchored by friel and williams 's exceptional performances , the film 's power lies in its complexity .
instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .
the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
it 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
it should have stayed there .
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
it 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .
tailored to entertain !
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
that 's its first sign of trouble .
a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who 's the scariest of sadists .
new yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell ...
hollywood ending just is n't very funny .
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .
goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks .
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
it 's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood .
detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .
they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
under 15 ?
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney .
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
no big hairy deal .
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor
however , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
eight legged freaks ?
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
a by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
an uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the italian masterpiece .
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ...
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .
right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
it 's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit .
sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre .
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan .
westfeldt and juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that 's both saucy and endearing .
rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
hard to resist .
it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color .
the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music .
even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules .
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard .
anthony hopkins ?
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs .
( u ) nrelentingly stupid .
one of the worst movies of the year .
... has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they 're ghosts imagining themselves as alive .
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .
the fast runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space
dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
an impeccable study in perversity .
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn .
summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
but it 's worth the concentration .
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .
upper teens may get cynical .
it does give you a peek .
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
woody allen has really found his groove these days .
it 's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show .
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
a weird , arresting little ride .
i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .
the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached .
as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear .
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
if the movie were all comedy , it might work better .
this is really just another genre picture .
the film was n't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .
it still feels like a prison stretch .
the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
several of steven soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .
too bad the former murphy brown does n't pop reese back .
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?
humor in i spy is so anemic .
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
very predictable but still entertaining
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary .
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
notorious c.h.o . has oodles of vulgar highlights .
the central story lacks punch .
an impressive debut for first-time writer-director mark romanek , especially considering his background is in music video .
not just unlikable .
a very average science fiction film .
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .
wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ?
message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ?
it 's that painful .
( schweiger is ) talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
more tiring than anything .
national lampoon 's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
best described as i know what you did last winter .
the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .
painfully padded .
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
unfortunately , carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .
highly irritating at first , mr. koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
not exactly the bees knees
despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book .
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
... a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice 's second installment of her vampire chronicles .
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .
smart and taut .
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .
cho 's timing is priceless .
the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
the film 's greatest asset is how much it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .
it 's still worth a look .
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
delirious fun .
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
we could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .
the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting .
what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
`` an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . ``
was i scared ?
murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie - of-the-week films clumsily stuck together .
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .
the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .
to the degree that ivans xtc .
... a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .
there 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
in the end , there is n't much to it .
escapism in its purest form .
a genuine mind-bender .
there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
a gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the iranian new wave .
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !
we 're drawn in by the dark luster .
pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
easier to respect than enthuse over , andersson 's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .
the movie sticks much closer to hornby 's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did .
a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . .
the film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .
they 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .
in a word : no . .
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
the filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...
intelligent and moving .
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable .
anyway , for one reason or another , crush turns into a dire drama partway through .
it 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
gently humorous and touching .
the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross 's turn as ken .
punish the vehicle to adore the star .
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .
` dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .
a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level .
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
rewarding .
it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .
i loved it !
well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .
`` men in black ii , `` has all the earmarks of a sequel .
it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows . '
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
pray 's film works well and will appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism .
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .
storytelling feels slight .
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .
compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
formuliac , but fun .
genuinely unnerving .
it hates its characters .
it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film .
a moving and important film .
an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .
slap me , i saw this movie .
the film seems a dead weight .
we have n't seen such hilarity since say it is n't so !
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
i do n't think so .
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
a few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .
as a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a triumph , however , it is not .
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
this movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray .
... salaciously simplistic .
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .
scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned .
going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film .
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced .
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery ...
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
i do n't even care that there 's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff .
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
just dreadful .
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .
a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy .
even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other .
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
you wonder why enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
a half-assed film .
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
some body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
moving and vibrant .
( a ) stale retread of the '53 original .
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .
technically and artistically inept .
the whole affair is as predictable as can be .
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
it 's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions .
mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .
( leigh ) lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race .
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone .
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ?
it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary .
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
the new guy is one of them .
steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it .
imperfect ?
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .
a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by philip glass .
the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus .
lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
tim story 's not there yet - but ` barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .
do you say `` hi `` to your lover when you wake up in the morning ?
reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .
a warm , funny , engaging film .
has its moments , but it 's pretty far from a treasure .
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .
eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
a woman 's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .
it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
just how extreme are these ops ?
you wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
the year 's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .
a good piece of work more often than not .
all the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand ' n ' sandal adventure .
made by jackasses for jackasses .
and diesel is n't the actor to save it .
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ``
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center .
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .
puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .
you wo n't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
the acting alone is worth the price of admission .
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
oddly compelling .
( a ) devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .
malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain .
a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .
so lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun .
... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .
the chocolate factory without charlie .
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare .
it 's a fanboy ` what if ? '
a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .
you 'll cry for your money back .
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
the movie gets muted and routine .
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic ...
he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works .
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .
we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef .
`` my god , i 'm behaving like an idiot ! ``
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd .
may puzzle his most ardent fans .
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
more trifle than triumph .
if you 're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again .
a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
stay away .
... a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war .
feral and uncomfortable .
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .
more than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .
with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
every child 's story is what matters .
teen movies have really hit the skids .
wait for it to hit cable .
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .
are monsters born , or made ?
all that ( powerpuff girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it 's spread too thin .
otherwise , maybe .
a well-acted movie that simply does n't gel .
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other .
cube 's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche .
a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
an awkward and indigestible movie .
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
is a mess .
unofficially , national lampoon 's van wilder is son of animal house .
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
a small movie with a big impact .
there 's something deeply creepy about never again , a new arrow in schaeffer 's quiver of ineptitudes .
... it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
oh , and more entertaining , too .
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted .
cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
the result is something quite fresh and delightful .
there 's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to .
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
that 's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
a doa dud from frame one .
but fans of the show should not consider this a diss .
quietly engaging .
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing .
the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
a momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year .
time out is as serious as a pink slip .
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
is it a comedy ?
funny but perilously slight .
for the most part , director anne-sophie birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .
exploits ( headbanger ) stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .
this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .
but even a hero can stumble sometimes .
brave and sweetly rendered love story .
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
there 's a lot to recommend read my lips .
an original little film about one young woman 's education .
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
too much power , not enough puff .
a film of quiet power .
` yes , that 's right : it 's forrest gump , angel of death . '
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .
but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
the picture does n't know it 's a comedy .
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .
but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi .
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
john carlen 's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .
a romance ?
in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space .
a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , bartleby performs neither one very well .
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy .
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
a dreary indulgence .
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
it 's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile .
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread .
light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
the film truly does rescue ( the funk brothers ) from motown 's shadows .
there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x .
a frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it 's a tougher picture than it is .
almost peerlessly unsettling .
if horses could fly , this is surely what they 'd look like .
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .
a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
laughably , irredeemably awful .
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .
if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he does n't hold them in contempt .
too predictably , in fact .
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
like a can of 2-day old coke .
death might be a release .
but the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .
the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .
nothing more than a mediocre trifle .
an infuriating film .
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
this is nothing but familiar territory .
... little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .
... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich .
fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox 's work .
arty gay film .
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely .
as happily glib and vicious as its characters .
shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption .
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
mr. caine and mr. fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
the movie is for fans who ca n't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it .
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending .
how inept is serving sara ?
it is quite a vision .
a compendium of solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
mildly amusing .
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music .
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ?
can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
my own minority report is that it stinks .
makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .
or intelligent .
consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g
slap her - she 's not funny !
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
a tone poem of transgression .
it wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment .
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .
britney 's performance can not be faulted .
it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .
the cast comes through even when the movie does n't .
a giggle a minute .
lazy , miserable and smug .
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
so i just did .
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
it 's not too fast and not too slow .
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .
merchant has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
for the most part , the ingredients are there .
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .
... lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar .
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .
in other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job ...
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes .
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
finally , the french-produced `` read my lips `` is a movie that understands characters must come first .
the story has little wit and no surprises .
at times , it actually hurts to watch .
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
one of the best , most understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career .
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
or emptying rat traps .
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ... ( and ) personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .
that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .
began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course .
a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
charming , if overly complicated ...
visually striking and viscerally repellent .
but it still jingles in the pocket .
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
debut effort by `` project greenlight `` winner is sappy and amateurish .
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .
just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .
hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares .
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest .
worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .
twist open the ouzo !
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
a true pleasure .
i kept thinking over and over again , ' i should be enjoying this . '
demme 's loose approach kills the suspense .
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .
its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces ... are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half .
i loved this film .
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter .
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
this is n't a new idea .
the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .
like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .
it 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .
a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco 's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
very stupid and annoying .
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
a delightful coming-of-age story .
dense , exhilarating documentary .
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o . hits all the verbal marks it should .
the performances are remarkable .
if borstal boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
bears is bad .
wise and deadpan humorous .
oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .
huppert 's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face .
has the feel of an unedited personal journal .
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance .
even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
ah , what the hell .
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .
occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .
it seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less .
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .
big mistake .
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
the entire cast is extraordinarily good .
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
poignant and delicately complex .
... this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .
daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on `` the simpsons `` has .
spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
like mike is n't interested in recycling old cliches .
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .
you 're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .
creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better .
the first fatal attraction was vile enough .
invincible is a wonderful movie .
cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .
rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding .
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
the film , like jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .
discursive but oddly riveting documentary .
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
fans of so-bad-they 're - good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...
it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .
that 's because relatively nothing happens .
a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .
there 's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again .
both the crime story and the love story are unusual .
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
an often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
a gem of a movie .
a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick .
what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame .
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
a compelling journey ... and `` his best friend remembers `` is up there with the finest of specials .
zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .
it 's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
what 's the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ?
if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .
worse than ` silence of the lambs ' better than ` hannibal '
you do n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto .
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
we get the comedy we settle for .
eight legged freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
the ending does leave you unfulfilled , but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece .
that works .
it 's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it is n't .
it 's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the marks family .
the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield .
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story ?
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
creepy , authentic and dark .
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
nothing about it fits .
this is pretty dicey material .
despite the premise of a good story ... it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .
it 's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
rare is the ` urban comedy ' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
it 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look .
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .
`` i blame all men for war , `` ( the warden 's daughter ) tells her father .
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
it 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides .
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
( drumline ) is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it does n't do .
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .
still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
both deserve better .
yes , soar .
sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand .
the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change .
simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .
theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry .
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle .
and it 's a lousy one at that .
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) genre a bad name .
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .
the film 's performances are thrilling .
( a ) smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best .
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
you do n't want to call the cops .
but what is missing from it all is a moral .
you 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . '
sometimes shorter is better .
proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .
what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment .
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed .
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable .
the film is powerful , accessible and funny .
where the film falters is in its tone .
ranks among willams ' best screen work .
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
( fessenden ) is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez .
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet\/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half .
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
it 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
leaks treacle from every pore .
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .
the movie 's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow .
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
`` sorority boys `` was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
this is the first film i 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved .
a feature-length , r-rated , road-trip version of mama 's family .
taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise .
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial .
( a ) superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene 's 1955 novel .
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .
movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of ` bold ' revelation .
the premise of `` abandon `` holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .
ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it .
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
never ( sinks ) into exploitation .
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .
as a science fiction movie , `` minority report `` astounds .
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .
`` punch-drunk love `` is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...
`` the quiet american `` begins in saigon in 1952 .
simplistic , silly and tedious .
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong .
oops , she 's really done it this time .
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
let 's hope not .
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .
and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy .
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
phoned-in business as usual .
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .
just what makes us happy , anyway ?
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
what does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. .
make like the title and dodge this one .
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive .
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale ... a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more .
a lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
for a shoot - 'em - up , ballistic is oddly lifeless .
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant .
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
i do n't have an i am sam clue .
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt !
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .
largely a for-fans artifact .
after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin .
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
sa da tay !
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
lame , haphazard teen comedy .
it 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary .
it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
you can practically smell the patchouli oil .
imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs .
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
go , girls , right down the reality drain .
it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .
this movie is a snow emergency .
she must have a very strong back .
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
one of the film 's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine .
taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .
a porn film without the sex scenes .
ridiculous .
does n't amount to much of anything .
it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch `` a second look .
many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short .
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno .
it 's slow -- very , very slow .
if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , do n't settle for this imposter .
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .
an excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind .
bullock 's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
they should have called it gutterball .
a grating , emaciated flick .
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
certainly .
a tasty slice of droll whimsy .
but based on cq , i 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
but what are adults doing in the theater at all ?
surprisingly insightful
they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
disgusting .
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless .
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
the main problem being that it 's only a peek .
in its own floundering way , it gets to you .
at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
average , at best , i 'm afraid .
it 's a quirky , off-beat project .
( ferrera ) has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games .
this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .
ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life 's stasis .
fails to bring as much to the table .
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .
below is well below expectations .
it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
makes one thing abundantly clear .
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
in the end , white oleander is n't an adaptation of a novel .
a thriller made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion .
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .
a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising .
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
did the film inform and educate me ?
and for many of us , that 's good enough .
here 's a self-congratulatory 3d imax rah-rah .
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
cool ?
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each interesting .
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
a stylish thriller .
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
please see previous answer .
holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
often hilarious .
you will likely prefer to keep on watching .
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
call this the full monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .
as a vehicle to savour binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven .
by the end , i was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .
it 's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything .
star wars is back in a major way .
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling .
something like scrubbing the toilet .
there 's already been too many of these films ...
a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .
brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .
an intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .
... a confusing drudgery .
well-made but mush-hearted .
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .
vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship .
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .
a soggy , shapeless mess ... just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie .
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .
bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .
when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ?
norton is magnetic as graham .
near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran .
promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .
do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk .
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
the piano teacher is not an easy film .
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .
your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .
he 'd create a movie better than this .
viva le resistance !
david spade as citizen kane ?
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot .
cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , the full monty , with something different .
unflinchingly bleak and desperate
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .
it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
as the mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' sinks .
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work .
a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
worth a look as a curiosity .
hilariously inept and ridiculous .
one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou .
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
i tried to read the time on my watch .
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
stevenson 's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination .
it 's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost .
the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .
in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .
the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances .
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
this is so bad .
an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson .
but that 's just the problem with it - the director has n't added enough of his own ingredients .
this romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .
dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .
what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .
it 's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
a sometimes tedious film .
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
manages to delight without much of a story .
there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked .
jones ... does offer a brutal form of charisma .
... a rather bland affair .
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that 's pretty toxic in its own right .
this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era 's creme de la celluloid .
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
a gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
the biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .
this story still seems timely and important .
mediocre fable from burkina faso .
a dreadful live-action movie .
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
but if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked .
too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century .
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .
jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
with the exception of mccoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .
leigh 's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy 's well-honed prima donna shtick .
this movie is maddening .
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .
it 's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .
this is pure , exciting moviemaking .
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery .
despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
from beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
`` on guard ! ``
both damning and damned compelling .
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial .
vulgar is too optimistic a title .
the performances are uniformly good .
gets better after foster leaves that little room .
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan .
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney 's a good director .
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
a real snooze .
a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .
lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
somewhat blurred , but kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .
sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist japanese jokes .
would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ?
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .
if you love him , you 'll like it .
director andrew niccol ... demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame .
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .
it has fun being grown up .
it 's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish .
there 's no good answer to that one .
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
this is n't even madonna 's swept away .
spend your benjamins on a matinee .
it 's just a silly black genre spoof .
classic cinema served up with heart and humor
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes .
it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
the result might look like vulgar .
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .
i walked away not really know who `` they `` were , what `` they `` looked like .
the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma .
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
... is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri .
exactly what you 'd expect from a guy named kaos .
go for la salle 's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script .
opera on film is never satisfactory .
all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .
this is n't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it 's the cliffsnotes with pages missing .
it 's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions , love .
sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't .
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
writer\/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america .
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd .
muddled , trashy and incompetent
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .
it 's drab .
... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .
it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
this is not a retread of `` dead poets ' society . ``
... one resurrection too many .
achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .
the chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
but it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
a masterpiece four years in the making .
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
when the twist endings were actually surprising ?
poignant and funny .
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
it 's laughing at us .
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
consistently clever and suspenseful .
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ?
arnold 's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .
it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .
low rent from frame one .
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .
a little weak -- and it is n't that funny .
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .
( l ) ame and unnecessary .
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .
but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience .
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
he may have meant the internet short saving ryan 's privates .
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make trouble every day any better .
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild .
warm and exotic .
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
though it draws several decent laughs , it 's low-cal woody at best .
mr. tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and what time is it there ?
feels familiar and tired .
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
remember it .
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .
full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience .
degenerates into hogwash .
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about .
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with .
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps .
if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .
it 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .
( plays ) in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
moot point .
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
`` cremaster 3 `` should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! ``
eventually , it wins you over .
scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both look and sound great .
the movie is a trove of delights .
the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
the script kicks in , and mr. hartley 's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow .
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
go back to sleep .
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
compellingly watchable .
broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .
flawed but worthy look at life in u.s. relocation camps .
it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
... the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats .
i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .
renner ?
spare yet audacious ...
adam sandler !
disturbing .
a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments .
has a solid emotional impact .
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
it shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .
... the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .
a soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title .
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film ...
an engaging overview of johnson 's eccentric career .
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view .
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .
can you bear the laughter ?
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
you want to call domino 's .
steve irwin 's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
`` abandon `` will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .
you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .
a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .
like leon , it 's frustrating and still oddly likable .
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .
staggeringly dreadful romance .
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .
it 's never dull and always looks good .
defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it .
forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
no , it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing .
there 's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .
writer\/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here .
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
who are ` they ' ?
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
hatosy ... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
it 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up .
few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness .
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed .
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .
frankly , it 's pretty stupid .
it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three 's company-style laugh track .
topkapi this is not .
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
`` secretary `` is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal .
just one bad idea after another .
` alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .
wanker goths are on the loose !
gives everyone something to shout about .
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
an ambitious and moving but bleak film .
a film that suffers because of its many excesses .
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .
a well-put-together piece of urban satire .
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
a three-hour cinema master class .
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .
tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
some studio pizazz might have helped .
and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .
a bad movie that happened to good actors .
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ?
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
what time is it there ?
so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
too bad .
if you do n't flee , you might be seduced .
the pianist is polanski 's best film .
cinematic pratfalls given a working over .
there 's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .
chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .
noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama .
blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley .
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .
a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .
nice piece of work .
the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .
... ( like ) channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie .
amazing !
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t .
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away .
there are moments of hilarity to be had .
a delirious celebration of the female orgasm .
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
the latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen .
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
it 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic .
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .
the lady and the duke is eric rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
` lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither ... excessively strained and contrived .
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ``
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm .
at its best when the guarded , resentful betty and the manipulative yet needy margot are front and center .
prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this english trifle .
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .
... an interesting slice of history .
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
good-naturedly cornball sequel .
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
a moving picture that does not move .
the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound .
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
a weird and wonderful comedy .
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
one from the heart .
a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle .
it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .
in all , this is a watchable movie that 's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .
how did it ever get made ?
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
a gripping , searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life .
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .
`` birthday girl `` is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
the comedy makes social commentary more palatable .
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise \*\*\* .
a serious movie with serious ideas .
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know .
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .
a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '
director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .
that 's fun for kids of any age .
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
low comedy does n't come much lower .
perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter .
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` lovely !
hip-hop has a history , and it 's a metaphor for this love story .
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
one of the year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .
perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
oozes condescension from every pore .
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me .
` easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '
the concept is a hoot .
( a ) shapeless blob of desperate entertainment .
avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis ' book .
formula 51 is so trite that even yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor .
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .
these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .
you 'll know a star when you see one .
anyone else seen this before ?
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays .
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
do n't even bother to rent this on video .
`` the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar ... ``
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .
presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .
( the cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
it 's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .
a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
who knew ...
there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
a slick , engrossing melodrama .
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
arguably the year 's silliest and most incoherent movie .
murder by numbers ' is n't a great movie , but it 's a perfectly acceptable widget .
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .
replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage .
director clare kilner 's debut is never as daft as it should have been .
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
when the heroes were actually under 40 ?
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
( a ) poorly executed comedy .
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
most new movies have a bright sheen .
it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .
everything is off .
... one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .
`` solaris `` is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
... a well-observed and disturbing little movie
it treats women like idiots .
there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
something for everyone .
the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge .
`` juwanna mann ? ``
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .
the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
a wry , affectionate delight .
but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? )
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm .
an enjoyable experience .
a classy , sprightly spin on film .
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .
hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor .
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j.m . barrie 's peter pan .
it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
i 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .
what begins as a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role .
guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .
provide ( s ) nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue .
solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors .
who is this movie for ?
`` frailty `` has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ``
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .
i like this movie a lot .
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .
it 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! )
when it 's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper .
it 's one long bore .
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel ...
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
and yet , it still works .
tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
aan opportunity wasted .
it 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material .
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
it must be in the genes .
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script .
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
at its worst , it 's rambo - meets-john ford .
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
while kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot .
never comes together as a coherent whole .
guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
maryam is more timely now than ever .
michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...
robin williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .
a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .
an enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids .
... the movie is just a plain old monster .
no , even that 's too committed .
most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots .
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
the comedy is nonexistent .
this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998 's whatever .
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
a riveting story well told .
sorvino is delightful in the central role .
perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout ?
the crap continues .
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
a film that will enthrall the whole family .
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
smothered by its own solemnity .
so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .
though catch me if you can is n't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie .
although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another major league .
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up .
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
we do n't even like their characters .
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
this is n't my favorite in the series , still i enjoyed it enough to recommend .
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle .
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
i prefer soderbergh 's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .
that 's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan 's existence .
this one is certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrived .
ecks this one off your must-see list .
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... circuit gets drawn into the party .
performances are potent , and the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving .
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .
skillful as he is , mr. shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
the good is very , very good ... the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .
... a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
enduring love but exhausting cinema .
there 's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .
it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world .
essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of aliens .
but it was n't .
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .
it drowns in sap .
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
a fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in japanese animation .
it 's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .
helps to remind the first world that hiv\/aids is far from being yesterday 's news .
ah , the travails of metropolitan life !
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .
`` what really happened ? ``
` how many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
hardly a film that comes along every day .
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
makes s & m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight .
but he somehow pulls it off .
the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
it 's just merely very bad .
a clever blend of fact and fiction .
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
a movie that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess .
( gayton 's script ) telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
the whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
and just when you think it ca n't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane .
sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out .
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they do n't really want to know .
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb .
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
all 's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags .
everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line .
like a south-of-the-border melrose place .
except it 's much , much better .
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .
merchant effectively translates naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .
this is how you use special effects .
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .
a creaky staircase gothic .
( a ) satisfying niblet .
a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants .
nothing too deep or substantial .
... really horrible drek .
one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .
the date movie that franz kafka would have made .
... fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom .
simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy .
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .
` rare birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
if you do n't ... well , skip to another review .
a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .
the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
( t ) he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .
gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .
( a ) crushing disappointment .
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act .
aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
... a solid , well-formed satire .
and i 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .
paul cox needed to show it .
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump .
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
a dazzling dream of a documentary .
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
it 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows .
unfortunately , they 're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo 's life imaginable .
it 's a very valuable film ...
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .
human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control .
the next big thing 's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut .
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
the porky 's revenge : ultimate edition ?
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .
generic thriller junk .
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
it 's a movie -- and an album -- you wo n't want to miss .
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .
skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt .
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .
seriously , rent the disney version .
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man `` certainly delivers the goods .
sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
those unfamiliar with mormon traditions may find the singles ward occasionally bewildering .
as plain and pedestrian as catsup --
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .
post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` personal freedom first `` might not be as palatable as intended .
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast .
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .
i do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
romething 's really wrong with this ricture !
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .
if you go , pack your knitting needles .
a major waste ... generic .
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
scorsese does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about .
( barry ) gives assassin a disquieting authority .
there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
slight but enjoyable documentary .
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
all three women deliver remarkable performances .
another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues .
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness .
it 's funny .
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .
... only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .
it 's like an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism .
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .
mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
it 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
davis ... is so enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is .
but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?
you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness .
everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .
no movement , no yuks , not much of anything .
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
( sam 's ) self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
i survived .
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .
c'mon !
the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .
a working class `` us vs. them `` opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered .
this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack .
there 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
and it is .
unfortunately , it 's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
a chaotic panorama that 's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
an uplifting , largely bogus story .
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
though its atmosphere is intriguing ... the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .
... an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should n't hurt talented young gaghan 's resume .
it 's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .
it 's just a little too self-satisfied .
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
lawrence should stick to his day job .
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .
the innocence of holiday cheer ai n't what it used to be .
as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
i just did n't care as much for the story .
the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted .
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .
but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
but first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .
... a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet .
woody , what happened ?
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it .
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
but it 's surprisingly harmless .
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg 's schindler 's list .
in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song .
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
the adventure does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .
kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
this is an interesting movie ! ``
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
philip k. dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
it labours as storytelling .
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
i ca n't .
imagine the cleanflicks version of ` love story , ' with ali macgraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .
but when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .
a great idea becomes a not-great movie .
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath ...
terrible .
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
the phone rings and a voice tells you you 've got seven days left to live .
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled .
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
a road trip that will get you thinking , ` are we there yet ? '
yet another weepy southern bore-athon .
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .
not once does it come close to being exciting .
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize .
the same should go for movie theaters .
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs. woo , it looks like woo 's a p.o.w .
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens .
director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
though haynes ' style apes films from the period ... its message is not rooted in that decade .
proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs. sever .
but you 'll definitely want the t-shirt .
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
the movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild .
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .
if you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
shallow .
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
what parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless .
as unseemly as its title suggests .
what 's next ?
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
there 's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .
goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
undercover brother does n't go far enough .
never once predictable .
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it 's also drab and inert .
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .
yes , it 's as good as you remember .
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '
it 's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .
amazingly dopey .
it 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
it 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
... stale and uninspired .
feels shrill , simple and soapy .
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
it tells more than it shows .
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
enticing and often funny documentary .
but not a whit more .
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .
girls gone wild and gone civil again
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
i suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .
maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
it can be safely recommended as a video\/dvd babysitter .
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
he gets his secretary to fax it . ``
acting can not be acted .
reyes ' word processor .
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as morvern 's thick , working-class scottish accent .
beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines ... there just is n't much to laugh at .
for a good chunk of its running time , trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
what would jesus do if he was a film director ?
a predictable , manipulative stinker .
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .
` they ' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i 'm still stunned .
gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script .
an epic of grandeur and scale that 's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood .
although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
director nalin pan does n't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other .
( an ) absorbing documentary .
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
that storytelling has value can not be denied .
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .
noyce has worked wonders with the material .
