there 's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump .
ecks this one off your must-see list .
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .
( newton ) wanders through charlie completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality .
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .
but even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act .
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .
but it was n't .
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another .
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge .
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .
it 's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punch-drunk love .
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
illuminating if overly talky documentary .
the story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
idiotic and ugly .
the screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture .
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
scene-by-scene , things happen , but you 'd be hard-pressed to say what or why .
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
i spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations .
somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional .
a half-assed film .
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .
it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
nor is it a romantic comedy .
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .
` rare birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
sweet home alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films .
francophiles will snicker knowingly and you 'll want to slap them .
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg 's schindler 's list .
what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about .
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half .
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
under-rehearsed and lifeless
it sucked .
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief .
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong .
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ``
a big fat pain .
too silly to take seriously .
although the editing might have been tighter , hush !
it 's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .
david spade as citizen kane ?
without any redeeming value whatsoever .
but not a whit more .
dreary tale of middle-class angst
two-bit potboiler .
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ?
wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
an awkward and indigestible movie .
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .
safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull 's - eye .
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
it hates its characters .
going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film .
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
... is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri .
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
just one bad idea after another .
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
every joke is repeated at least four times .
in a strange way , egoyan has done too much .
despite its title , amy 's orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one .
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .
i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point .
sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive .
low rent from frame one .
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .
( a ) stale retread of the '53 original .
though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
narc is all menace and atmosphere .
anyway , for one reason or another , crush turns into a dire drama partway through .
right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
this movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .
a really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .
... the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .
there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they 're not exactly flattering .
arguably the year 's silliest and most incoherent movie .
can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments .
underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough .
... the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats .
i have n't seen one in so long , no wonder i did n't recognize it at first .
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
but it would be better to wait for the video .
or emptying rat traps .
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it .
a great idea becomes a not-great movie .
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
too often , the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .
it collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
this is n't even madonna 's swept away .
the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear .
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
the film can depress you about life itself .
it 's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center .
it may even fall into the category of films you love to hate .
humor in i spy is so anemic .
hate it because it 's lousy .
it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan .
director nalin pan does n't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other .
so here it is : it 's about a family of sour immortals .
the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations .
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .
more a gunfest than a rock concert .
i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
seriously , rent the disney version .
... has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they 're ghosts imagining themselves as alive .
alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
` linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '
a bit too eager to please .
what eric schaeffer has accomplished with never again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary .
that 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . ``
of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .
almost peerlessly unsettling .
one of the film 's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption .
it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
but buying into sham truths and routine `` indie `` filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie .
if only it were , well , funnier .
it 's fitfully funny but never really takes off .
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .
feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .
not bad , but not all that good .
i do n't think i laughed out loud once .
what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .
a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .
some of it is clever , but it is never melodic \/
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network .
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
by the end , i was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .
low comedy does n't come much lower .
that 's because relatively nothing happens .
like a poor man 's you can count on me
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense .
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
not a strike against yang 's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ?
eight legged freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
... nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .
the movie gets muted and routine .
but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
as plain and pedestrian as catsup --
a bad movie that happened to good actors .
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
i tried to read the time on my watch .
( t ) he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution
the film , like jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
just not campy enough
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone .
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .
a moving picture that does not move .
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine .
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
fails to bring as much to the table .
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
and neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled .
the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
oh come on .
serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .
the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .
it 's painful .
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .
like a can of 2-day old coke .
there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes .
it drowns in sap .
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .
columns from ladies home journal ...
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
but , for that , why not watch a documentary ?
in all , this is a watchable movie that 's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .
abysmally pathetic
the christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
a porn film without the sex scenes .
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .
the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
too bad the former murphy brown does n't pop reese back .
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
triumph of love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree .
a doa dud from frame one .
like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .
credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend `` , who needs enemies ?
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures .
but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?
but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
... hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .
`` an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . ``
imperfect ?
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
... would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges .
you can see where big bad love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there .
no movement , no yuks , not much of anything .
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .
there 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience .
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
is a mess .
the whole affair is as predictable as can be .
gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it .
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .
not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher .
the characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
for a shoot - 'em - up , ballistic is oddly lifeless .
the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus .
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
enduring love but exhausting cinema .
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
the movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .
` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice 's complex akasha into a cartoon monster .
a timid , soggy near miss .
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
unfortunately , it 's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
the cold turkey would 've been a far better title .
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) genre a bad name .
it shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk .
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
obstacles are too easily overcome and there is n't much in the way of character development in the script .
any rock pile will do for a set .
well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
... a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color .
one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou .
being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
if only merchant paid more attention the story .
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .
birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .
there 's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again .
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .
shrewd but pointless .
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against ... well , just stuff .
it 's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell .
you 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) .
just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
how did it ever get made ?
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .
killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century .
absolutely not .
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic .
the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it .
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .
everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line .
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .
in other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
( a ) slummer .
the date movie that franz kafka would have made .
they should have called it gutterball .
clever but not especially compelling .
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .
well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes .
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
all that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .
a major waste ... generic .
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
it should have stayed there .
a mixed bag of a comedy that ca n't really be described as out of this world .
... surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .
but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
the film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .
despite the premise of a good story ... it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
i survived .
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
some movies blend together as they become distant memories .
is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation .
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
maybe leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ``
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . ``
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
acting can not be acted .
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues .
what 's worse is that pelosi knows it .
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
... salaciously simplistic .
it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
worthy of the gong .
you wonder why enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
he gets his secretary to fax it . ``
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
( sen 's ) soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
it 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild .
now it 's just tired .
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing .
narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .
began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course .
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away .
but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
ridiculous .
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .
... lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar .
the whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .
i walked away not really know who `` they `` were , what `` they `` looked like .
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
anyone else seen this before ?
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .
peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
it 's that painful .
disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos .
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
it 's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet\/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .
alas , it 's neither .
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film .
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
... little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .
a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to .
yet another weepy southern bore-athon .
the problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .
dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .
the story ... is moldy and obvious .
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .
his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
too predictably , in fact .
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
does n't add up to much .
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .
a full-frontal attack on audience patience .
pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .
a picture as erratic as its central character .
chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r & b names and references .
a late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .
do we really need the tiger beat version ?
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
too much power , not enough puff .
it 's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt .
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
it all drags on so interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
the premise of `` abandon `` holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .
a bravura exercise in emptiness .
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .
it 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
lame , haphazard teen comedy .
as the mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' sinks .
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens .
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .
earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material .
a little objectivity could have gone a long way .
it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
flat , misguided comedy .
aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .
pompous and garbled .
collapses under its own meager weight .
imagine the cleanflicks version of ` love story , ' with ali macgraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it 's more like entertainment for trolls .
but even a hero can stumble sometimes .
suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .
barely .
in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
... watching it was painful .
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
stale , futile scenario .
ararat feels like a book report
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
... del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
aggravating and tedious .
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .
skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt .
ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?
the film 's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me .
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
extremely boring .
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features .
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
smothered by its own solemnity .
a sentimental mess that never rings true .
then lower them a bit more .
an exit sign , that is .
little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .
but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .
some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent .
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
cynics need not apply . '
this is nothing but familiar territory .
decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like .
moot point .
far away .
sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it 's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
the film 's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .
the lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt .
it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just does n't make the cut .
still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
a few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
high on melodrama .
dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .
not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed .
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
it 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .
reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
cinematic pratfalls given a working over .
it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has .
when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ?
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it 's a tad slow .
but it could have been worse .
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
the impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but the results are uneven .
insomnia is involving .
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .
and a very rainy day .
otherwise , maybe .
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?
rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
may puzzle his most ardent fans .
make chan 's action sequences boring .
this is n't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it 's the cliffsnotes with pages missing .
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
the problem with `` xxx `` is that its own action is n't very effective .
more tiring than anything .
her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
late marriage 's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u.s. viewers off their feet .
the filmmakers lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor .
b . ) that sure is pathetic !
it 's one long bore .
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence .
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
an unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse .
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .
it 's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly wo n't win any honors .
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy 's intrepid hero ?
fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored .
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , ` swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling .
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
a turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull .
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
at the bottom rung of the series ' entries .
the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough .
a selection of scenes in search of a movie .
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
it labours as storytelling .
unfortunately , carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .
after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin .
the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ?
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
wishy-washy .
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
no . .
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
i still want my money back .
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
do n't waste your money .
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
that 's its first sign of trouble .
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
the pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film ca n't help but go soft and stinky .
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much .
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
the movie bounces all over the map .
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .
vulgar is too optimistic a title .
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
this u-boat does n't have a captain .
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
all 's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags .
death might be a release .
secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .
bad company .
it 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
it 's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
the romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
too simple for its own good .
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather .
is `` ballistic `` worth the price of admission ?
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .
a great script brought down by lousy direction .
but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
norton holds the film together .
or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .
what parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .
he may have meant the internet short saving ryan 's privates .
a disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting .
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
the movie is a mess from start to finish .
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf .
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . . .
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
ihops do n't pile on this much syrup .
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j.m . barrie 's peter pan .
in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song .
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
but the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .
a mild , reluctant , thumbs down .
i hated every minute of it .
staggeringly dreadful romance .
a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .
an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?
we get the comedy we settle for .
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
( leigh ) lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race .
it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
crummy .
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other .
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
a dreary rip-off of goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for hispanic americans .
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
opera on film is never satisfactory .
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
exactly what you 'd expect from a guy named kaos .
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
some studio pizazz might have helped .
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
i had to look away - this was god awful .
the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
action - mechanical .
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .
i 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
you 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .
mildly entertaining .
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale ... a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more .
a lifetime movie about men .
should have been someone else -
eh .
... a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers .
what we get ... is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons .
the ending is a cop-out .
it 's also stupider .
well-nigh unendurable ... though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
it 's an awfully derivative story .
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .
frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music .
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
should have gone straight to video .
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
now , if it only had a brain .
what 's the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ?
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
it arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! )
collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \/ 11 , an antique , in the end .
what happened with pluto nash ?
he 'd create a movie better than this .
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
slap her - she 's not funny !
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud .
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make trouble every day any better .
merchant has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .
i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .
just dreadful .
... a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
... a well-observed and disturbing little movie
with the exception of mccoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen .
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
i 'd give real money to see the perpetrators of chicago torn apart by dingoes .
below is well below expectations .
a dreary movie .
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .
the lower your expectations , the more you 'll enjoy it .
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .
lurid and less than lucid work .
this sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .
it 's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .
it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .
it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
a chaotic panorama that 's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
the people in abc africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .
entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
just plain bad .
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
sad nonsense , this .
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
he 's not good with people .
a processed comedy chop suey .
nothing but an episode of smackdown !
a lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
it did n't go straight to video .
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle .
quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat .
it 's just merely very bad .
you wo n't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him .
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '
but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
an absurdist spider web .
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest .
and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy .
`` abandon `` will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
phoned-in business as usual .
drowning 's too good for this sucker .
but , no , we get another scene , and then another .
cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , the full monty , with something different .
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn .
davis ... is so enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is .
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
`` my god , i 'm behaving like an idiot ! ``
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .
even kids deserve better .
would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ?
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
an extremely unpleasant film .
the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games .
everything is off .
while super troopers is above academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling .
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
... a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture .
had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he does n't hold them in contempt .
the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others ' affections .
i just did n't care as much for the story .
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
fancy a real downer ?
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !
bad and baffling from the get-go .
basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars .
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending .
co-writer\/director jonathan parker 's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .
imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs .
there 's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .
... an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal 's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs .
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .
the name says it all .
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .
most of the action setups are incoherent .
bears is bad .
not exactly the bees knees
an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job ...
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise .
what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears ' first movie .
... the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes `` what time is it there ? ``
fans of so-bad-they 're - good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .
now i can see why people thought i was too hard on `` the mothman prophecies `` .
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .
a muted freak-out
this movie is maddening .
too slow , too long and too little happens .
starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .
without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
disturbing .
it 's a film that hinges on its casting , and glover really does n't fit the part .
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild .
there 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way .
ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
it 's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script .
tennessee williams by way of oprah 's book club .
you know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ?
best described as i know what you did last winter .
only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
predictably melodramatic .
dramatically lackluster .
it 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama .
but that 's just the problem with it - the director has n't added enough of his own ingredients .
if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .
that 's pure pr hype .
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable .
shallow , noisy and pretentious .
not as good as the original , but what is ...
debut effort by `` project greenlight `` winner is sappy and amateurish .
if you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .
but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? )
this is n't a new idea .
nothing too deep or substantial .
no way i can believe this load of junk .
prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this english trifle .
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
my own minority report is that it stinks .
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle .
defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it .
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .
grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .
feels shrill , simple and soapy .
the script kicks in , and mr. hartley 's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow .
suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
a grating , emaciated flick .
it treats women like idiots .
philip k. dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .
a by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
unofficially , national lampoon 's van wilder is son of animal house .
so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .
it 's just a silly black genre spoof .
a soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title .
it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
the movie 's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach .
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't .
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
you see robin williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .
arty gay film .
eerily accurate depiction of depression .
i spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch .
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .
the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive .
a movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action tv series .
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
make like the title and dodge this one .
it 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows .
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters .
do n't say you were n't warned .
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie .
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings .
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades
an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .
a `` black austin powers ? ``
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect .
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
eight legged freaks ?
a cockeyed shot all the way .
what we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman 's lesser works .
show me the mugging .
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted .
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes .
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .
it 's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
a humorless journey into a philosophical void .
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .
scorsese does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about .
odd and weird .
` dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
the film has a childlike quality about it .
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
though it draws several decent laughs , it 's low-cal woody at best .
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
press the delete key .
this time kaufman 's imagination has failed him .
leave these flowers unpicked -- they 're dead on the vine .
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance .
but what are adults doing in the theater at all ?
grating and tedious .
another rent installment for the ian fleming estate .
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
what an embarrassment .
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely .
it 's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
slap me , i saw this movie .
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
even when crush departs from the 4w formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .
shallow .
it 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
nothing more than a mediocre trifle .
just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story .
one of the worst movies of the year .
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .
this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack .
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .
big mistake .
it 's jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck 's film from coming together .
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
first good , then bothersome .
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
in the end , white oleander is n't an adaptation of a novel .
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .
... a rather bland affair .
ah , the travails of metropolitan life !
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
socrates motions for hemlock .
a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle .
... one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
easier to respect than enthuse over , andersson 's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .
all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .
just a bloody mess .
but if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked .
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
... has virtually no script at all ...
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath ...
sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist japanese jokes .
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .
go back to sleep .
a movie that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess .
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
( a ) crushing disappointment .
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo .
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood .
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work .
... a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .
there 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
a mess .
as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear .
and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch .
let 's hope not .
serving sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .
`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ``
its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces ... are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half .
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
as an actor , the rock is aptly named .
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself .
i hate this movie
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
` lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither ... excessively strained and contrived .
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
something must have been lost in the translation .
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .
this one is certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrived .
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
with its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , the ring makes its stupidity more than obvious .
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story .
... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
topkapi this is not .
you 'll cry for your money back .
a little weak -- and it is n't that funny .
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film .
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
not just unlikable .
c'mon !
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .
jacquot 's rendering of puccini 's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera .
there ai n't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious .
a ragbag of cliches .
george , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .
run for your lives !
no , i hate it .
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .
lazily directed by charles stone iii ... from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ?
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .
there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
at once half-baked and overheated .
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .
when the twist endings were actually surprising ?
broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .
simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy .
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ``
detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the - past numbness .
the movie is n't always easy to look at .
nothing about it fits .
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable .
vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship .
... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .
a sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes .
lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .
uneasy mishmash of styles and genres .
any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes .
the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
it took 19 predecessors to get this ?
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it 's also drab and inert .
enough said , except : film overboard !
the filmmakers might want to look it up .
technically and artistically inept .
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it 's heading .
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
( tries ) to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the united states .
at its best ... festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes .
the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era .
or , you can do something fun tonight .
no , it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
more trifle than triumph .
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary .
this film biggest problem ?
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change .
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis ' book .
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
` enigma ' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
if only it had the story to match .
the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
an ugly , revolting movie .
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version .
this is a film living far too much in its own head .
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
it 's just incredibly dull .
how inept is serving sara ?
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .
a complete waste of time .
even die-hard fans of japanese animation ... will find this one a challenge .
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
( plays ) in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .
it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... circuit gets drawn into the party .
you 've already seen heartbreak if you 've watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard .
a decidedly mixed bag .
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .
it still feels like a prison stretch .
without ( de niro ) , city by the sea would slip under the waves .
the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .
the movie 's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...
... fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
they felt like the same movie to me .
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
nevertheless , it still seems endless .
in other words , it 's badder than bad .
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
a tasty slice of droll whimsy .
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
watching haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '
`` sorority boys `` was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .
not even solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
it 's like an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism .
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
a soggy , shapeless mess ... just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie .
i do n't have an i am sam clue .
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story ?
it 's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile .
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source .
we do n't even like their characters .
fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
tom green just gives them a bad odor .
it 's just not very smart .
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
almost everything else is wan .
you could hate it for the same reason .
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on `` the simpsons `` has .
anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .
if you do n't ... well , skip to another review .
but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
this is not a jackie chan movie .
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
` men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib , but recycles the same premise .
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .
it is n't scary .
beware the quirky brit-com .
nair does n't use ( monsoon wedding ) to lament the loss of culture .
goes on and on to the point of nausea .
a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who 's the scariest of sadists .
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
but first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .
it 's all pretty tame .
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .
this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
cinematic poo .
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .
i also believe that resident evil is not it .
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
bearable .
you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
formula 51 is so trite that even yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor .
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm .
it 's a scathing portrayal .
schindler 's list it ai n't .
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level .
it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .
it 's just plain boring .
a sudsy cautionary tale .
national lampoon 's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
calculated swill .
one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .
this is her blue lagoon .
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
an often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
has the feel of an unedited personal journal .
stay away .
the documentary does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation .
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .
the latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen .
great story , bad idea for a movie .
lazy , miserable and smug .
enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
like a south-of-the-border melrose place .
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
scotland , pa. blurs the line between black comedy and black hole .
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
but here 's the real damn : it is n't funny , either .
the movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark .
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
the movie is a dud .
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
do n't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches ...
all the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand ' n ' sandal adventure .
two hours of junk .
god is great , the movie 's not .
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
upper teens may get cynical .
... although this idea is `` new `` the results are tired .
a dreadful live-action movie .
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
i do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .
spend your benjamins on a matinee .
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
meandering and confusing .
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes .
though catch me if you can is n't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie .
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america .
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .
it 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .
you 're better off staying home and watching the x-files .
overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
they 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .
i suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
`` ( hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .
you might not buy the ideas .
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap .
it 's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie .
it 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as morvern 's thick , working-class scottish accent .
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .
eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring .
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
frankly , it 's pretty stupid .
has all the depth of a wading pool .
but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
banal and predictable .
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
disgusting .
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita .
the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business .
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
just plain silly .
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ``
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
arnold 's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be america 's sweetheart .
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .
does n't amount to much of anything .
if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
the chocolate factory without charlie .
the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached .
where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .
a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
feels less like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
a graceless , witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller .
brown 's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
there is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .
the film seems a dead weight .
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ?
it never is , not fully .
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
... irritating soul-searching garbage .
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
feels familiar and tired .
there 's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong .
it 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
it 's been 20 years since 48 hrs .
technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
over age 15 ?
it 's not an easy one to review .
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
just pound away .
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .
entertaining enough , but nothing new
there 's no energy .
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` personal freedom first `` might not be as palatable as intended .
all that ( powerpuff girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it 's spread too thin .
never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful .
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .
scotland , pa. is a strangely drab romp .
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .
this is it .
any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .
there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
mediocre fable from burkina faso .
bland but harmless .
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .
paul cox needed to show it .
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .
is n't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?
perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .
terrible .
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .
just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .
`` what really happened ? ``
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .
at times , it actually hurts to watch .
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
a film that suffers because of its many excesses .
eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath .
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter .
skillful as he is , mr. shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo 's real strength .
this is no `` waterboy ! ``
the chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
an infuriating film .
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn .
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made .
it 's haunting .
oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven .
meanders between its powerful moments .
... this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .
too close to phantom menace for comfort .
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
denzel washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller .
it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it .
it 's drab .
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives .
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
a very average science fiction film .
the mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .
the film is all over the place , really .
wait for pay per view or rental but do n't dismiss barbershop out of hand .
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x .
undercover brother does n't go far enough .
consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g
... really horrible drek .
the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .
not so much farcical as sour .
a road trip that will get you thinking , ` are we there yet ? '
average , at best , i 'm afraid .
it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
when it 's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper .
bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .
a chiller resolutely without chills .
stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of ghost and close encounters of the third kind .
unflinchingly bleak and desperate
expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .
it 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class .
the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield .
an awful snooze .
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .
that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
witless and utterly pointless .
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it .
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
an instant candidate for worst movie of the year .
... stale and uninspired .
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know .
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ?
sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .
at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
that 's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan 's existence .
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal .
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna .
a predictable , manipulative stinker .
nothing about them is attractive .
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
the movie is a desperate miscalculation .
the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . ``
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .
rather , you 'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy 's well-honed prima donna shtick .
explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .
where the film falters is in its tone .
do n't even bother to rent this on video .
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .
as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .
one of those so-so films that could have been much better .
the crap continues .
even with its $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .
he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
this romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '
this is a truly , truly bad movie .
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
but then again , i hate myself most mornings .
i do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool .
in a word : no . .
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
director clare kilner 's debut is never as daft as it should have been .
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
fulfills the minimum requirement of disney animation .
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold !
sometimes , that 's enough .
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
both deserve better .
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
it would have benefitted the dialogue .
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
teen movies have really hit the skids .
i kept thinking over and over again , ' i should be enjoying this . '
i did n't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs. woo , it looks like woo 's a p.o.w .
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
leaks treacle from every pore .
though its atmosphere is intriguing ... the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
barely gets off the ground .
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
it 's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .
the good is very , very good ... the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .
feral and uncomfortable .
( a ) shapeless blob of desperate entertainment .
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .
murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie - of-the-week films clumsily stuck together .
a real snooze .
a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you 'd expect .
it 's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .
there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
it 's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit .
when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
holden caulfield did it better .
generic thriller junk .
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
frenetic but not really funny .
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .
it 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
lookin ' for sin , american-style ?
and when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .
... unbearably lame .
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that 's pretty toxic in its own right .
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .
a feeble tootsie knockoff .
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .
it seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less .
unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't .
it 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
( a ) poorly executed comedy .
leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness .
excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car .
it 's laughing at us .
simplistic , silly and tedious .
showtime is closer to slowtime .
and diesel is n't the actor to save it .
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
it 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look .
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .
has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas .
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
i admit it , i hate to like it .
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan .
the main problem being that it 's only a peek .
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
it 's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
so what is the point ?
human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control .
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .
a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience .
the movie makes absolutely no sense .
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy ...
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
hey , who else needs a shower ?
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
it settles for being merely grim .
there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked .
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
largely a for-fans artifact .
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence .
it 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
lacks dramatic punch and depth .
extremely bad .
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here .
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba .
the adventure does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
-- was a fad that had long since vanished .
wait to see it then .
it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three 's company-style laugh track .
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .
wait for it to hit cable .
romething 's really wrong with this ricture !
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .
big fat waste of time .
with a confrontational stance , todd solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .
why ?
this franchise has not spawned a single good film .
eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
yet another genre exercise , gangster no . 1 is as generic as its title .
most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots .
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
it 's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show .
it 's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks .
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?
it 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up .
long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
was i scared ?
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
bullock 's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .
the porky 's revenge : ultimate edition ?
every note rings false .
it will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary .
too much of the humor falls flat .
a compendium of solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
wewannour money back , actually .
you 're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .
if you 're not the target demographic ... this movie is one long chick-flick slog .
boring we did n't .
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie 's power as a work of drama .
although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another major league .
the central story lacks punch .
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .
dense and enigmatic ... elusive ... stagy and stilted
as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music .
it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary .
the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .
certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .
it 's like a drive-by .
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .
the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
it delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning .
` dragonfly ' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .
sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out .
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
never comes together as a coherent whole .
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ?
they cheapen the overall effect .
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .
from beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
it 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .
and just when you think it ca n't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane .
too bad none of it is funny .
... they missed the boat .
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive .
aan opportunity wasted .
this is pretty dicey material .
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .
for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .
there 's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent .
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
( l ) ame and unnecessary .
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
there 's not much to fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but that 's ok .
( a ) rather thinly-conceived movie .
suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
helps to remind the first world that hiv\/aids is far from being yesterday 's news .
the characters never change .
it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero .
`` solaris `` is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame .
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
i 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .
a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder .
this thing is just garbage .
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
utter mush ... conceited pap .
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
there 's no good answer to that one .
a sometimes tedious film .
tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage .
the result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring .
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary .
but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .
it 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob 's excellent adventure seem understated .
it 's just a little too self-satisfied .
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .
painfully padded .
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
a coarse and stupid gross-out .
instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
an empty , purposeless exercise .
a well-crafted letdown .
the picture does n't know it 's a comedy .
kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
the film was n't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .
we just do n't really care too much about this love story .
laughably , irredeemably awful .
( sam 's ) self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
it 's too bad nothing else is .
but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
it 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
very bad .
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .
the acting is n't much better .
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
a very bad sign .
it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
it 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
a listless and desultory affair .
there 's something deeply creepy about never again , a new arrow in schaeffer 's quiver of ineptitudes .
too bad .
when the heroes were actually under 40 ?
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .
disjointed parody .
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers .
ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
notorious c.h.o . has oodles of vulgar highlights .
but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .
utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni 's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
i wonder why .
unless you are in dire need of a diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it .
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
wanker goths are on the loose !
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
it 's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it .
in the end , there is n't much to it .
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role .
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
it 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
maudlin and melodramatic we expected .
there 's not enough to sustain the comedy .
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .
the story itself is actually quite vapid .
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .
you want to call domino 's .
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
um , no . .
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
a waste of good performances .
... one resurrection too many .
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world .
but no . .
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
ill-considered , unholy hokum .
those unfamiliar with mormon traditions may find the singles ward occasionally bewildering .
he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .
alas , another breathless movie about same !
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
so lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun .
call this the full monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
see it now , before the inevitable hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .
or else a doggie winks .
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
so verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-tv movie .
mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
you can practically smell the patchouli oil .
no . .
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .
not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
something like scrubbing the toilet .
it 's slow -- very , very slow .
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines ... there just is n't much to laugh at .
harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
a cartoon ?
the central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
almost gags on its own gore .
worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .
there 's no emotional pulse to solaris .
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling .
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
truly terrible .
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .
movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction .
if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , do n't settle for this imposter .
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .
black-and-white and unrealistic .
( u ) nrelentingly stupid .
but the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls .
but what is missing from it all is a moral .
horrible .
but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
punish the vehicle to adore the star .
obvious .
dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .
how about surprising us by trying something new ?
the only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
sadly , hewitt 's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks .
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
there 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .
a subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; the pianist does not .
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
here 's a self-congratulatory 3d imax rah-rah .
it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , bartleby performs neither one very well .
terminally brain dead production .
rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .
hollywood ending just is n't very funny .
curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
no surprises .
very stupid and annoying .
impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize .
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
time out is as serious as a pink slip .
seems like someone going through the motions .
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .
filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low .
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
it 's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
... the movie is just a plain old monster .
as a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a triumph , however , it is not .
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
a sour , nasty offering .
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics .
this is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
the results are far more alienating than involving .
it 's quite diverting nonsense .
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .
it 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .
in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space .
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial .
we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .
these two are generating about as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poised to receive a un inspector .
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
if you go , pack your knitting needles .
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up .
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .
you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .
( e ) ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .
degenerates into hogwash .
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
is it a comedy ?
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
it might as well have been problem child iv .
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
one of the worst films of 2002 .
madonna still ca n't act a lick .
it 's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish .
i do n't think so .
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man .
a feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
muddled , trashy and incompetent
the film is really not so much bad as bland .
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
besides , real movie producers are n't this nice .
sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution .
no thanks .
lawrence should stick to his day job .
... a confusing drudgery .
stress ` dumb . '
it 's not too much of anything .
storytelling feels slight .
the story has little wit and no surprises .
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
a relative letdown .
bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .
... ( like ) channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie .
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .
do n't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it 's anti-catholic .
the premise itself is just sooooo tired .
and it 's a lousy one at that .
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm .
creepy , authentic and dark .
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
the film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending .
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .
it 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ``
but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
enigma lacks it .
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .
it does n't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality .
made by jackasses for jackasses .
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .
an often unfunny romp .
but i was n't .
woody , what happened ?
not once does it come close to being exciting .
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ?
the first fatal attraction was vile enough .
the comedy is nonexistent .
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
... a bland , pretentious mess .
one lousy movie .
the piano teacher is not an easy film .
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel ...
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .
otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
unwieldy contraption .
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .
meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
it does n't work as either .
flawed , but worth seeing for ambrose 's performance .
proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .
new best friend 's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous .
anyone who can count to five ( the film 's target market ? )
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
it 's just filler .
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt !
sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre .
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
go , girls , right down the reality drain .
you 've seen them a million times .
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time .
there 's already been too many of these films ...
unfortunately , they 're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo 's life imaginable .
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .
no , even that 's too committed .
a monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it .
this movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome .
but something seems to be missing .
when your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
godawful boring slug of a movie .
demme 's loose approach kills the suspense .
choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy .
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie .
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
a thriller made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion .
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
little more than a frothy vanity project .
this is so bad .
well , it 's not as pathetic as the animal .
scenario that will give most parents pause ... then , something terrible happens .
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
has its moments , but it 's pretty far from a treasure .
enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
